# Maiden Floor Speech 7.24.2025\n# Channel: Senator Dave McCormick\n# Upload Date: 2025-07-24\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_Qot2yPaKs\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:29:39\n\n================================================================================\n\nMr. President,
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. President, I'm honored to be here on
the Senate floor for the first time.
Each time I entered the Senate chamber,
I'm humbled to walk in the footsteps of
the Pennians who came before me. From
founding father Robert Morris to Simon
Cameron, from Joseph Clark to John
Hines,
it was the namesake of the Commonwealth,
William Penn, who said, "Patience and
diligence, like faith, remove
mountains." And in my short time here in
the Senate, I have found these words to
be of comfort. At this moment, our
circumstances
and fellow countrymen require us to
remove mountains and to do so with great
haste.
I would also not be here today without
the patience, love, and example of my
parents, Jim and Maryanne. I'm also so
grateful for the love and encouragement
and belief in me by my incredible wife,
Dena, who is in the gallery today. She
believed in me when few others did. And
finally, Dean and I are both so grateful
for the love and support of our amazing
six daughters through two hard-fought
campaigns.
Mr. President, I chose to rise today for
the first time because something
miraculous happened last week in
Pittsburgh, the city that Dena and I are
proud to call our home. In the middle of
the so-called rust belt, President
Trump, members of the cabinet, the CEOs
of the world's leading energy,
technology, and investment companies,
labor leaders, and political leaders
from both parties came together at
Carnegie Melon University to commit over
90 billion dollars in new investments.
investments that affirm Pennsylvania's
central role at the crossroads of
America's energy and AI revolutions.
These projects announced at the
inaugural Pennsylvania Energy and
Innovation Summit will bring enormous
benefits to communities across our great
Commonwealth.
New data centers and power plants in
northeastern Pennsylvania. data centers
and hydroelectric p electric power in
York and Lancaster counties, new natural
gas power capacity and production in
western Pennsylvania, and plans by
Pittsburgh's iconic Westinghouse to
begin constructing 10 large nuclear
reactors by 2030.
Now, for Pennsylvania workers, this will
result in tens of thousands of jobs for
skilled labor, including electricians
and welders, steam fitters, machinists,
and countless other trades. And many,
many more indirect jobs supporting these
projects will come to Pennsylvania
communities. And perhaps most important,
the significant media focus on the
summit allowed Pennsylvania to tell its
unique and compelling story to the
world. Now, last year, President Trump
and I promised to make American America
energy dominant and to secure our
nation's AI leadership and to create
jobs and opportunity for working
families in Pennsylvania and across
America during our campaigns. And last
Tuesday, it was clear to all that we are
delivering on those promises. These
investments come at a defining moment,
not only for Pennsylvania, but also for
the future of our great nation.
Embracing the AI revolution and
achieving energy dominance will require
us to do something very special. Once
again, build in the United States. And
in this process, we can revitalize the
American dream for all Pennians and for
all Americans by training and deploying
workers across our economy, from the
trades to engineers to our very finest
scientist.
The stakes could not be higher. If the
United States does not rise to this
challenge, we risk putting our future in
the hands of the Chinese Communist
Party, which seeks to dominate
industries and technologies that will
define the 21st century.
This is a competition we must win.
And it's a moment, it's a moment that
demands leadership, sound policies, and
yes, bipartisan, bipartisan cooperation
to ensure our nation's prosperity.
And that's what the summit in Pittsburgh
was all about. Bringing together the
president and his team together with
many leaders who can seize this moment,
who can chart a course forward to build
the infrastructure, the talent and the
technology required to lead America's
chap next chapter of growth and
opportunity.
Mr. President, I'll come back to the
significance of the summit in a few
minutes, but let me step back for a
moment and describe the journey that has
brought me here today.
I'm a seventh generation Pennsylvania
from Washington County and I grew up in
a small town called Bloomsburg. Uh the
majority leader visited in northeastern
Pennsylvania. I spent my Friday nights
on the wrestling mat in high school gyms
from Shika Limmy to Shik Shenny from
Sealins Grove to Skook Haven. And I
spent my summers bailing hay and
trimming Christmas trees with my high
school buddies. Many of him many of them
are still close friends today. And this
upbringing, like for so many generations
of Pennians, it taught me the timeless
lessons of toughness and hard work and
resilience. My senior year in high
school, I was nominated to the United
States Military Academy at West Point,
the first kid from Bloomsburg to attend
the academy in decades. And there I
learned three words that General
MacArthur called the rallying points for
every cadet. Duty, honor, country. Three
years after graduating, I saw these
words put into action when I deployed
with the 82nd Airborne Division to Saudi
Arabia and later Iraq during Operation
Desert Storm. Following the Army, I
joined and eventually led a successful
technology company in Pittsburgh. I
served in several senior positions in
the government at the intersection of
national security and our economy. And I
led as CEO one of the world's great
global investment firms.
But Mr. president. Nothing nothing I
have done in my life compares to the
honor of serving as the 54th elected
senator from the Keystone State. And I'm
also proud following uh the great
senator from Rhode Island to be the
ninth senator in American history who is
a graduate of West Point.
I decided to enter the political arena
because America is a superpower in
peril. I gave up a successful business
career because I could see that despite
the strength and the spirit of the
American people, our future is
threatened by a cycle of stagnation and
disillusionment and decline. The
American dream is out of reach for far
too many families in Pennsylvania, and
the Chinese Communist Party is actively
subverting America's economic and
military power. Breaking this cycle and
focusing on the renewal of our nation is
the only way forward and I felt a
calling to try to do my part in
fulfilling this mission.
During his campaign, President Trump
uniquely grasped this challenge. He saw
the struggling communities next to the
shuttered steel mills along the Mananga
Valley on the outskirts of Pittsburgh.
And he understood the devastation in
small towns like Bloomsburg where I grew
up 50 miles from Scranton. The McGee
carpet mill once employed more than
2,000 workers, including the parents of
many of my high school classmates. It
now occupies a mere 200.
Like the president, our fellow citizens
saw thousands of brave men and women who
fought for two decades in the endless
wars in the Middle East. Too many too
many returned home with broken bodies
were troubled minds like Michael Wargo
of Lee Heighten, the son of Dena and my
dear friends Michael and Sally. They
lost Michael to suicide years after you
return from a tour in Afghanistan. And I
share their heartbreak, and I know many
of you do, too. And the disbelief that
18 veterans a day still take their own
lives every single day. Finally, we all
saw the wide open southern border
bringing millions of illegal immigrants
into our towns and and cities and
violent crime and deadly fentanyl in our
communities. More than 4,000 Pennians
lose a loved one every year to a
fentanyl overdose. One of those families
is that of my good friend, Blair County
Sheriff Jim A, who lost his 33-year-old
son, Josh, to the scourge of fentanyl.
Mr. President, last year I heard these
concerns over and over and over again
from my fellow Pennians in hundreds of
campaign stops I made across the
Commonwealth. And in November, the
people spoke. Pennsylvania voters gave
President Trump and me a mandate for
change. They wanted a dramatic
turnaround from four years of open
border policies, soaring prices caused
by reckless spending, and weak
leadership on the world stage that
emboldened China, Russia, and Iran. And
after only six months, Mr. President,
the results speak for themselves.
President Trump, with the support of
this Congress, has made enormous
progress. Illegal border crossings are
at a record low with more resources on
the way. The one big beautiful bill just
delivered and made permanent the largest
tax cut in history for working families.
and US economic indicators across the
board are getting better by the day. And
we're making America safer. We're
rebuilding our military. President Trump
ordered a flawless attack on Iran's
nuclear enrichment facility so the
mullis can never wield a nuclear weapon.
And we are working together to end the
Russia Ukraine war while preserving
Ukraine as a free and independent
country.
Mr. President, as a senator, my job is
to deliver for the people of
Pennsylvania. Whether they voted for me
or not, we're going to have some tough
fights in this chamber. This year, we
already have had many. But when I look
back on my time serving the people of
Pennsylvania, I want to be able to tell
my children and my grandchildren, that I
worked with anyone, regardless of their
party, who shares the goal of delivering
results and much neededed change for
Pennsylvania and our nation.
And that's why I appreciate my
collaboration with my colleague and
friend, Pennsylvania's senior Senator
John Federman. Despite our differences,
we found a way to work together on
critical issues such as fighting
anti-semitism at home and abroad.
In the months and years ahead, I hope to
serve my constituents not only inside
this chamber through legislation and
hearings and votes, but also outside
this chamber by using my platform, my
voice, and my leadership to bring about
meaningful change.
And that's why I began today by talking
about the Pennsylvania Energy and
Innovation Summit. Our vision for the
event came from a realization that
Pennsylvania sits at the crossroads of
America's energy and AI revolutions. Yet
the key political, business, and labor
leaders had never actually been brought
together in one place to make things
happen. I highlight the summit not
because it's the answer to all the
problems we face, but because it
exemplifies the key ingredients that I
believe we need as a country at this
unique moment. This moment demands bold,
innovative leadership across the
political spectrum to build coalitions,
unique coalitions required to tackle
these challenges. This moment, this
moment demands a willingness to discard
conventional wisdom to improve the lives
of our fellow countrymen.
This moment demands embracing
partnerships between our nation's public
institutions and the private sector
where much of the innovation that is
required is taking place. And this
moment, this moment demands urgency,
moving at the speed that's necessary to
overcome the obstacles facing working
families each and every day that we all
hear about when we're home in our
states.
Mr. President, I have the privilege, the
true privilege of representing the
birthplace, the birthplace of our nation
during its 250th year. But the Keystone
State special place in American history
extends far be beyond our nation's
birth. In the summer of 1787,
Philadelphia gave our young nation new
life at the Constitutional Convention.
As Benjamin Franklin emerged from the
convention, he famously said, "The
United States would be a republic if we
can keep it."
More than a 100 miles to the west at
Gettysburg, almost 100 years later, the
Civil War put Franklin's warning to the
test.
On that hallowed ground, Abraham Lincoln
told his audience to be dedicated to the
general, the great task remaining before
us. That task, of course, being the
preservation of our union. Our nation's
history and Pennsylvania's history are
full of such significant milestones. And
today we face another break makeorb
breakak moment for America's future.
I've seen our country at its best as as
many of you have. From the brave men
with whom I served in Iraq to the
shopkeepers, the storekeepers along the
streets of vibrant small Pennsylvania
towns to the farmers whose plowed fields
dot our Commonwealth's beautiful
landscape, beautiful countryside, and
I've witnessed firsthand our uniquely
American ability to get to the edge of
the cliff and to pull ourselves back in
times and moments of national peril. We
can do it again. A bright future can and
should be ours, but it depends on what
we what we do next. We must confront the
difficult task ahead while staying true
to the values and ideals that have made
America the last best hope of man on
earth. And what I can say with certainty
today, Mr. President, standing in this
esteemed chamber with so many friends is
that this senator and the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania can be counted on to do
our part. Thank you, Mr. President. And
I yield the floor.