But as much as our leaders have forgotten that and as much as I think that the most significant example of that is in the recent foreign conflicts, where we have sent hundreds of billions of dollars of weaponry with no obvious end in sight and no obvious conclusion or even objective that we're close to getting accomplished there. And so many of my colleagues ignore the basic realities of war. But I will say on the good news, the majority of our party in both chambers, in the most recent cycle, said no more to this, no more, right? That's a good thing, that's progress. Even though we didn't win the debate, we're starting to win the debate within our own party. And I think that really matters. 

Now, just on that particular topic, I have to take a shot, I think, as I have done at every single conference, at the establishment media editorial pages. I think actually every speech I've given at these conferences, I know someone spoke earlier. The dumbest of all possible foreign policy solutions and answers for our country is that we should let rival nations make all of our stuff and we should fight a war with those rival nations. We should, in my view, not fight a war with major powers if we can avoid it. We should also not let foreign competitors make all of our stuff. And yet, I've seen the establishment media for the last couple of years say we can indefinitely send munitions and weapons of war to foreign conflicts after for the past two generations abdicating that we ship our industrial base overseas. It doesn't make any sense. It's sort of the perfect encapsulation of the dumbest way to govern our country. Let's send our entire machinery for making war to countries that compete with us and then let's spend what little stockpiles that we have on a war that has no obvious end in sight. That's the establishment approach. And I'm happy to say that our party is increasingly aggressively and with momentum rejecting it. So that is a great achievement and a great amount of progress that we've made.

Another thing that we've made real progress on is even the market fundamentalists. And I know we have a few in the audience and we won't beat up on you too much. Even they acknowledge that you can't have unlimited free trade with countries that compete with you. It would be the equivalent of allowing hostile nations during wartime to make all of our ships and missiles. People recognize that that era has come to a close. Even the people who are generally going to disagree with us about how much to protect American industry from this point forward, agree, you can't let foreign competitors make all of your stuff when you're engaged in a long-term great power competition. So we've made incredible progress there. And yet, I will say that as much as we've made some great progress, there are still these weird little pockets of the old consensus that continue to bubble to the surface and continue to fight us on all of the most important questions. So our work is hardly done here, but I do think that we've made some significant progress.

Now, the issue where I think we've made the most progress, and I have to say this is, you know, I think a lot of you agree with this, but where the national conservative movement has made the most progress, not just here, but I think overseas as well, is the recognition that the real threat to American democracy, it's not certainly not political outsiders, it's not even some foreign dictator who doesn't like America or our values. The real threat to American democracy is that American voters keep on voting for less immigration and our politicians keep on rewarding us with more. That is the threat to American democracy. And I had a conversation with a foreign friend earlier today and, you know, one of the things that's very obvious is that all over the Western world, in various countries, place after place after place, populations keep on telling their leadership that they want less immigration and their leadership keeps on refusing to listen to them. This is like a fundamental broken translation function in our sacred democracy that our elites don't seem to care about. And why don't our elites seem to care about it? Well, number one, they really benefit from the cheap labor. Number two, they actually don't really like the people who make up the domestic populations of their own country. This, one of the things that we consistently find from the various country elites to certainly the American elites, is they seem to really not like their own fellow citizens, even though the wars that they want are going to be, of course, fought by the people in the heartland and not by the people who are walking down the streets of the capital.

But look, the thing on immigration is that no one can avoid that it has made our societies poorer, less safe, less prosperous, and less advanced. Now, I remember getting in some argument with some person online a year or so ago about whether immigration raised housing prices. And of course the argument is that, yeah, maybe immigrants take up some more demand for housing, but they build all the houses. That's not true, by the way. Go to various states, you'll see a lot of very native born citizens who still build houses. It's actually shocking, but if you go, there are some towns in my state where we actually had houses before the major immigration policy changes of recent decades. I'm dead serious. We actually did build homes in the United States of America before our elites flooded the zone with non-stop cheap labor. And by the way, we can still do it. Those people can still do it. They just want to get proper wages in the process.

But now everybody seems to agree that if you look at, for example, other countries, if non-stop immigration was the way to create wealth and prosperity and lower home prices, then major cities would be doing great. And I got to tell you, I was in a major foreign city last year and it's not doing so good. But you don't even have to go overseas. You can go closer to home. The places in our own communities, in our own states that have the highest immigration rates are the places with the highest home prices. And it's not even a correlation versus causation issue. If you actually look at the metro zone by metro zone, if you go parcel by parcel, you can see that where you have more immigration, you have higher home prices. But it's not just that. 

There's a community in my state. And it's very close to my heart because this community, if any of you know my state, is nearly a carbon copy of the town where I grew up. It's a population, sort of a small to medium-sized town, about 55,000 people. And you're not going to believe the statistic when I repeat it to you because I didn't believe it when I first heard about it. But in the last four years, thanks to current border policies, this city has gone from 55,000 residents to 75,000 residents. The 20,000 resident delta is almost all recent immigrants from a particular region. In a town, a small town, 20,000 people. Now, go to this community, go to this county, and ask the people there whether they have been enriched by 20,000 newcomers in four years. Housing is through the roof. People, middle-class people who've lived there sometimes for generations cannot afford a place to live. A third, I heard this yesterday, a third of the local county health budget is now tied up in giving free benefits to recent arrivals. And of course the establishment will fact check and say, "Well, they're not unauthorized immigrants because through the abuse of asylum laws and through current administration policies, they are now no longer technically unauthorized because according to the current administration, nobody is an unauthorized alien." The only unauthorized people in this country are the people whose grandparents were born here, according to the current administration. They're the people, by the way, who are not allowed to have an opinion about what's going on in their country because they will be silenced. They will be censored. They will be called every name in the book. 

But this community has been overwhelmed. And you don't have to believe, of course, that the 20,000 or at least most of the 20,000 newcomers are bad people. In fact, I imagine that many of them are very good people. But my interest is not in protecting the good people of another country. I'm a senator for my state. Our leaders have to protect the interests of the citizens of this country. And the fact that this has happened is evidence that they're not. 

And so, I want to come back to something that I started with here, which is that we've made a lot of progress. There have been things that have been bad that have happened. I mean, you know, in my home state, we've had a couple of ballot referenda that have not gone the right way. We lost some elections in recent cycles that I think that we should have won. Of course, like I said earlier, not every foreign policy debate has gone in our direction. But by and large, the national conservative movement is winning the debate and we're changing the conversation. We're doing that and the very basic and simple principle that American leaders should look out for Americans. And by the way, I know for the foreign friends here, leaders of other countries should look out for citizens of their countries, and so on for other citizens of other countries. 

By the way, I have to beat up on other countries just one additional thing. I was talking with a friend recently, and we were talking about, you know, one of the big dangers in the world, of course, is nuclear proliferation, though of course the current administration doesn't care about it. And I was talking about, you know, what is the first truly extremist country that will get a new nuclear weapon? And we were like, maybe it's one country, you know, maybe another already kind of counts. And then we sort of finally decided maybe it's actually another country since the opposition party just took over. But my friends from that country, I have to say, you guys have got to get a handle on this. 

But neither here nor there, the reason I'm most optimistic about the future of this movement and the future of our country is because for the first time in a very long time, it is clear that the leader of our party is not some donor who's desperate for cheap labor and it's not some random person who claims to speak for this or that constituency. The leader of our party is a guy who actually plans to put American citizens first. And I remember years ago, when I came to speak at this conference, and as you all know, and of course our leader knows because he has a memory like a steel trap. I almost wish his memory was as bad as the current president's because he would forget about what I said about him in the past. But, you know, I was a convert to the cause of the America First agenda. In many ways, I came here very much as a convert. And I was cognizant of the fact that because I was a convert, our leader had not yet taken over the party even in the capital. Even when he was the president, there were people who were aggressively pushing back against his influence, who were already planning a return to, you know, basically reimplementing the establishment's preferred positions. I think that's over now. And I think that the fact that it's over is a huge win for you guys. But most importantly, it's a huge win for the American people because the American people, again, they need people who put the interests of their own citizens first, of our own citizens first. And that's what this entire movement is all about. And I think that's what the next presidency will be about if we give him another shot, as I expect that we will.

Let me thank you. Let me close just with an observation here. And I apologize to a few of you because a few of you have heard me give this riff, but I think that it's important because we're, you know, even though I think we're in a very good place electorally, there's, of course, going to be a massive set of debates and conversations going forward. And one of the things that you hear people say, even on our side, that you hear people say is that America is the first creedal nation. America is an idea. Now, America has really good ideas at the founding of our country. It was created by very brilliant men. The Constitution, of course, had this incredible influence and political theory and that's why it has stood the test of time. But America is not just an idea. Though we were founded on great ideas, America is a nation. It is a group of people with a common history and a common future. And yes, thank you. One of the parts of that commonality as a people is that we do allow newcomers to this country, but we allow them on our terms, on the terms of the American citizens. And that's the way that we preserve the continuity of this project from 200 years past to hopefully 200 years in the future. 

And let me illustrate this in a particular way. I am married to the daughter of immigrants to this country. Incredible people, people who genuinely have enriched the country and in so many ways. And of course, I'm biased because I love my wife, but I believe that it's true. But when my wife and I got engaged, we were in law school. And I said, "Honey, I come along with significant law school debt and a cemetery plot in my home region." And that's what you're getting, right? And that cemetery plot, if you drive down the rural roads and go to my family's ancestral home before we migrated to my current state about 60, 70 years ago. That's where all of my relatives came from is the deep heart of rural America. This is coal country. By the way, one of the poorest counties in the entire United States of America. Of course, our elites love to accuse the residents there of having privilege. Go to this county and tell me that these are privileged people. They are very hardworking people and they're very good people. And they are people who love this country not because it's a good idea, but because in their bones they know that this is their home and it will be their children's home and they would die fighting to protect it. That is the source of America's greatness, ladies and gentlemen. And I represent, I get to represent millions of people in my state who are exactly like that. 

But in that cemetery, in that cemetery, there are people who were born around the time of the Civil War. And if, as I hope, my wife and I eventually are laid to rest there and our kids follow us, there will be seven generations just in that small mountain cemetery plot. Seven generations of people who have fought for this country, who have built this country, who have made things in this country and who would fight and die to protect this country if they were asked to. That is not just an idea. That is not just a set of principles, even though the ideas and the principles are great. That is a homeland. People don't go and fight and die just for principles. They also, importantly, they go and fight and die for their home, for their families, and for the future of their children. 

If this movement is going to go anywhere and if this country is going to thrive, we have to remember that America is a nation. We're going to disagree sometimes about how best to serve that nation. We're going to disagree, of course, even within this room about how to best accomplish the reinvigoration of American industry and the renewal of American family. That's fine. But never forget that why we exist, why we do this, why we care about all those great ideas is because I would like for my kids to lay me to rest in that cemetery. And I would like them to know that the United States of America is as strong and as proud and as great as ever. Let's get to work to make that happen. God bless you guys and thank you.