# 🇺🇸 Donald Trump | The People’s Convention by Turning Point USA in Detroit, Michigan (June 15, 2024)\n# Channel: MAGNO NEWS\n# Upload Date: 2024-06-15\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YNaRMLdZ6M\n# Language: en\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 100.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:43:05\n\n================================================================================\n\nWell, thank you very much.
Hello, Turning Point Action, and hello, Michigan!
It's great to be back in a state I love with
thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
Thank you very much. What a turnout is this.
This guy, Charlie Kirk ...
I want to thank you all, and I
want to thank Charlie Kirk for
everything he's done at Turning Point
Action, for making this event possible.
What a great turnout.
And you've got the same number of
people outside, but they have a screen.
That's not as good as where you are. At the end
of the speech, I'll be taking some questions.
So this is different from Joe Biden's
events. He doesn't take any questions.
And he doesn't make any speeches.
Let me also thank members
of Congress that are here.
They're warriors. They're incredible people.
Byron Donalds, did a good speech. Byron.
Thank you very much. Byron. Thank
you very much. Great guy. Big future.
Matt Gaetz. Very popular guy. Matt Gates.
Thank you, Matt and Ginger. Thank you, Ginger.
Thank you for being here, Ginger. Great couple.
Eli Crane. Eli. Thank you. We're
leading your state line by a lot.
Warren Davidson. Warren. Thank
you. Thank you very much, Warren.
A woman is very quiet, very
shy, but very professional.
Marjorie Taylor Green. Great
person. She's a great person.
And Michael Cloud. Thank you,
Michael. Congressman Michael Cloud.
And former congressman, somebody that almost
one New York, which they said was impossible.
What a campaign. Two years late,
frankly, because today it's different.
The illegal migrants have taken
over New York today. It's different.
What a job he did, former Congressman Lee Zeldin.
Lee, wherever you are, Lee, thank you.
Also, a person who's a really terrific person.
I've gotten to know her well.
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard.
Thank you, Tulsi. Thank you, Tulsi.
And you all know my son,
Don. He's out there working.
He's such a good boy.
And Kimberly Guilfoyle. I heard her speak.
They really gave some good ones.
Thank you, Kimberly. Thank you, Don.
A man who is really special. Very important. I
think the most important man in
the room for what we're doing.
RNC Chairman Michael Watley.
He's doing a great job.
And Michigan GOP chair. I wanted him from day one.
I said, Pete, you got to do it. You got to do it.
And he was a great and successful politician.
He then went on. I took him as ambassador.
Pete Hoekstra. Fantastic guy. Head of the GOP.
Good job.
And we have the Nebraska GOP
chairman here, too, Eric Underwood.
Eric, thank you very much.
Thank you, Eric, for being here.
We have a man who's got a really successful show.
Everybody watches it. I
watch it as often as I can.
And he's a smart guy and he's
actually got a big heart.
But I won't tell people that
because I'll ruin his reputation.
Steve Bannon. Where's Steve?
Where is he? Thank you, Steve.
He's great. He's a smart cookie
Another smart cookie. Roger
Stone. Roger. Great guy.
Former Secretary Ben Carson did a
fantastic job. Everybody loves him.
I love him.
And a man who's very popular in these circles and
a big star has become a bigger
and bigger star. Ted Nugent.
Ted, thank you for being here, Ted. Wherever
you may be. Wherever you may be, Ted.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
With the help of everyone here today, we're
going to win the state of Michigan this November.
We're going to fire crooked Joe Biden.
We are going to evict the Biden
crime family from the White House,
and we are going to Make
America Great Again .
Have you heard that expression?
Less than four years ago, our border was secure.
Inflation was nowhere to be seen. We didn't have
inflation. The world was at peace, and America
was stronger and more respected than ever before.
It was never as respected as it
was just four years ago. Now,
under Crooked Joe Biden, the worst
president in the history of our country,
the world is in flames. Our border
is overrun. Inflation is raging.
Europe is in chaos. The Middle East is
exploding. Iran is emboldened. China is
on the march. And the worst, most incompetent
person to ever lead this country is dragging us
toward World War III. Other than that,
I think he's doing a very good job.
Do we agree, sir? Other than that, he's doing
a fine job. Now, he's the worst. Under Biden,
illegal aliens are better off.
Terrorists are better off. China
is better off. Russia is better
off. The cartels are better off.
But the American people were far better
off under a gentleman named President
Donald J. Trump. Have you heard of him?
Have you heard of him? And in particular,
get, oh, and remember this. Oh, wait a minute.
Mike Lindell, please stand up, OK? I
just saw him. Stand up. Forget about
his pillows. He is the greatest purchaser
of advertising in the history of America.
If he could buy my ads, I'd be
blanketing the airwaves with ads.
Thank you, Mike. We love Mike. But in particular,
Michigan was better off with Trump by a lot. You
were doing great. Companies were moving back.
And the car companies weren't moving out. And
you weren't under a mandate to build all electric
cars, which are going to all be made in China.
It's just a question of a few years.
For decades before I took office,
Joe Biden and his cronies in Washington
got rich by selling off Michigan jobs and
selling out Detroit. That's what they did.
That's why your car business is so far down.
You used to have 100% of the car
business. Now you're down to probably
30% by comparison to what it was. Crooked
Joe backed NAFTA, the worst trade deal we
ever had. China's entry into the World
Trade Organization, another disaster.
The Trans -Pacific Partnership, he
wanted that so badly. It would have
totally destroyed this state. The
Paris Climate Accord, where we put
up a trillion dollars and nobody else puts
up anything, one of the most unfair deals.
Sounds good, but it was a disaster. And every
other globalist disaster that sucked the life
and wealth and blood out of our country, and
that's what it was doing. But after decades
of Joe Biden putting America last, Michigan
finally got a president to put America first.
That's what happened. That's what happened.
I met a lot of people backstage just now,
and they're all saying, sir, we were doing so much
better four years ago. Everybody
was. I stood up to the globalists.
I stood up to the outsourcers, corporate
lobbyists, and special interests. That's
why they don't exactly love me, these
people. And I lived by the motto,
promises made, promises kept. I
kept all my promises, kept them all.
In my first week in office, I terminated TPP,
Trans -Pacific Partnership. It would have
destroyed your state. It would have really
destroyed trade in our country. And
I withdrew from the Paris Accord.
It was unfair, a disaster. And I ended
NAFTA, worst trade deal, and replaced
it with the brand new USMCA. That's Mexico,
Canada. In fact, that deal is so good and so
good for the American auto worker that Canada and
Mexico are trying to renegotiate it as we speak.
They want to renegotiate it. Don't do
it, Trucker Joe. Don't do it. You know,
if they put up enough for him, he'll do it. I
stood up to China like never before, bringing
in hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue when
no other president had gotten 10 cents from China.
Hundreds of billions. I imposed
a 27 .5% tariff on all Chinese
automobiles. The only reason that we
still have any auto industries left.
I didn't do that. You would have
been wiped out by China completely.
By the way. Whoever heads the United Auto
Workers is doing an absolutely terrible job.
His name wouldn't be Sean Fain, would it?
Sean Fain. Whoever this guy Sean Fain is,
they ought to get him out, because he
sold the auto workers down the tubes.
They were sold down the river. You won't have any
yet. You're fired is right.
I screwed that. Yeah. Fired.
How bad.
He agreed to what Obama wanted
to do. Under my leadership,
we created half a million manufacturing
jobs in three short years. Remember Biden
and Obama would go around saying,
we can't manufacture here anymore.
That's because we had stupid people leading our
country. We lifted up all Americans, black, brown,
white, and everybody else. Everyone was doing
better. Everybody was doing great. But now,
Crooked Joe is doing a hit job on
Michigan manufacturing and on Detroit,
the likes of which I have never seen before.
You know, I got the man of the
year in Michigan years ago,
long before politics, like
12, 13 years ago. And I said,
I came up and I thought the speech was good.
It turned out to be very controversial.
I said, why are you allowing them to steal your
jobs? Why are you doing it? They're coming in
these countries and they're taking all your jobs.
And right now, Mexico is building the biggest car
plants anywhere in the world, and they want
to sell the cars back into the United States.
They're stealing your jobs. Who would allow
that to happen? And you know who owns the
car plants being built in Mexico? China!
Great. It's crazy. Who would believe it?
USA! USA! USA!
Thank you very much. Low IQ Joe Biden's
insane electric vehicle mandate will
totally obliterate the US auto industry
and it won't take long. Just so you know,
you know, we have the greatest army tanks.
I saved it in Ohio, a plant. When I
was president elect, they said, sir,
they want to close our army tank plant, makes
the best tanks for the world. I visited in Lima,
Lima, Ohio. And I, I saved it.
I said, how can you do this?
I looked at complexity. You'd never be able
to build a plant like this. Turned out we
made more army tanks than anybody. They did
a great job, but they want to make them now
electric so that when you go into enemy
territory and you obliterate the enemy
and you knock down and those tanks are firing,
you do it in a environmentally friendly way.
The problem with the army tanks, like cars
and like trucks, the problem is that you
would have to bring a battery pack along.
You're going to pull it like a little wagon,
like a child pulls a wagon. So
they want to build a army tank.
But you know, the battery is very big and
very heavy, much heavier than a thing called
diesel, much heavier than diesel
fuel. And you got to see this
tank. It's like a wagon. And there's a
big thing that is pulling in the back.
And even with that, it doesn't
go far. And lots of bad things
happen. Like it doesn't take cold weather
very well. And it's really bad in heat,
but it is environmentally friendly. Remember that.
Of course, making it is an environmental disaster.
So that more than makes up for it. And they
want to have your jet fighters now. I got
more planes. I rebuilt our entire military.
They want to make your jet fighters use the
fuel that's environmentally friendly, but it
makes the plane 18 percent less efficient.
So that's the difference between in a
fight with the enemy winning and losing
a minor difference. But you go in again. They
want to go in in a clean environmental way
as we bomb the shit out of a country.
Can you believe this? Who are the
people that are destroying? Who
are the people that are destroying
our country? Happy birthday to you!
Thank you very much. Thank you. I
feel very young. I feel very young.
I don't know what it is, but I feel
better than I did 30 years ago. I
don't know what the hell's going
on. I don't know. I feel very good.
So we can't let these people destroy our
country like this. I mean, they're going crazy.
Today, you read where they don't want
to have any water in your dishwasher.
So your dishwasher won't work, and they think
that's good. So what you do is you keep having
to go on and on and on. The electric
bill is 10 times more than the water.
And these are areas that have so much water,
they don't know what to do with it.
They're flooding. They're floodplains.
They have so much water in many cases. Now
we can't do that. You know, I ended that.
I went to in Ohio, a great company
was going out of business because
of dishwashers that wouldn't give the
water. You couldn't sell the product.
And South Korea and China were dumping
dishwashers in here for half the cost.
They weren't as good whirlpool, but half the cost
they weren't as good. And I went and I saved it. I
put a 50 percent and 100 percent tariff on all of
these dumped machines. And I saved that company.
And then I said to the head of the company, it
was great actually, called me, said, we don't
know what to do. You can't. I mean, they're
dumping this stuff. They can't be, you know,
they're losing a fortune, but it didn't matter
because their governments were paying for it.
He said, I don't know what to do. I said,
okay, so I solved the one problem. They're
not dumping. What's your next problem? They
don't allow us to use water. We need more
water. You can't wash dishes unless
you have a certain amount of water.
I said, how much do you need? We
need just a little bit more. I said,
I'll give you a lot more. I gave them a lot
more. Now they want to end it again. You ever
go into a new home where you have a shower where
the water doesn't come out of the shower head?
They put a restrictor on. I took all
the restrictors off. I took them off.
I've had the experience. I take a
shower. I want that beautiful head
of hair to be nice and wet. Lather.
I want it to be lathered beautifully.
And I get this best stuff you can
buy and I dump it all over. And
then I turn on the water and the damn
water drips out. Take a speak. I can't
get this stuff out of my hair. It's
a horrible thing. Now it's terrible.
You turn on the sink and the faucet. You
turn it in and no water, practically no
water comes. So you leave your hands under
there. You're trying to get the water. Well,
I revoked all of that stuff
and they just put it back on.
Isn't that terrible? And these are
areas that have a lot of water where
they don't know what to do with it.
It goes out to sea. And we'll turn
it back on on the first day. We're going
to do a lot of things on the first day.
We're going to take care of a lot
of problems. First day in office,
we're going to close up the border. First day
in office, we're going to drill baby drill.
Thank you very much. Think of it.
We built hundreds of miles of wall.
It was so great. Mexico is not
thrilled. I went to Mexico. I said,
you got to take back the people you sent
in. They said, no, no. I said, in fact,
you have to do more than that. You sent so many
people, you have to give us 28 ,000 soldiers.
They said, no, why would we do that? The
president who I liked actually is a socialist,
but we got along very well. I
got along good with all of them,
but that didn't mean they loved
my policy. My policy was brutal.
I mean, think of it. China never paid us 10 cents.
I told you now they paid us hundreds of billions,
you think? And I like President Xi, but you
think he really liked me too much? In fact,
Biden's having a hard time taking off the
tariffs because it's so much money coming in.
He doesn't know what to do, but he'll
do what his communists tell him to do.
But think of it. So Mexico said, no, no, no,
we're not going to give you 28 ,000. I said,
yes, you will. 100 percent. They
said, we're not going to give you.
Why would we do that? They
laughed at me. They thought,
what kind of a person is this? I would ask
for such a stupid request. I said, no, no,
you're going to give it 100 percent. And I
had it out a little bit with the president.
They said, listen, you and I are
friends. Just send me a negotiator,
please. And they sent a man,
and you've heard this. I told
it a couple of times. A handsome man
from Mexico, tall, dark, and handsome.
He was wearing the most beautiful suit
I've ever seen. And I wanted to ask him,
who is your tailor? But I said, that's not a good
way to start a negotiation. So I figured I
wouldn't do that. I'd skip on his tailor.
But I said, listen, we want to give.
And I said to the Secretary of State,
and I said to people that work in the
State Department, give me a best of list,
10 best of. I want your best
of the 10 things that you want.
And they wrote 10 things down. And
a woman from the State Department,
a very nice woman but a lousy negotiator,
she said, sir, we've been asking for these
things for 25 years. You'll never get
them. I said, 100% they'll get them.
She said, you won't, sir. I said, just sit
back and watch. So this gentleman came in
with a beautiful suit, handsome guy. And
I said, Joe, I want 28 ,000 soldiers.
I want a thing called Remain in Mexico,
meaning everybody has to remain in Mexico.
They can't come into our country
until they're vetted and checked,
which was very few people came in. We
had the best border in history. Now we
have the worst border in the history of
the world. But I said, I want 28 ,000.
I want Remain in Mexico. Nobody comes in
until they're vetted and checked. I want
catch and release. You know catch and release
is? We catch and release and then we
release the people into our country.
We say, come back in five years for a
court case. But nobody ever comes back,
except for the really stupid ones.
Nobody ever comes back. And seven
other things that were worse. And I put
the list before him and he laughed at me.
He laughed at me like I was a
fool. He laughed at me. I said,
do you think I'm a fool? No, sir, but these
are foolish things you're asking for. He said,
you're going to do it. No, I'm not.
I said, you're going to do it 100%.
You're sitting there, right? You're going to
do it. And now he starts to get a little bit
strange because he say, why does this guy
have such confidence in this? And I said,
you're going to do it. He goes, no way.
And I said, way. Then I told him, I told him,
I said, here's what's happening. If you don't
do it, I have before me a document right here,
it's right here. And I said, you don't
do it. I'm signing this document.
This was a Friday afternoon. I said, on Monday
morning at seven o 'clock, we're putting on 25%
tariffs on everything that comes in from Mexico,
including all the cars that you stole from
America, all those newly manufactured Mexican
cars that come in by the tens of thousands.
And then you have one month and
it goes to 50% that it goes to 75,
then it goes to 100. And I think I'll
stop at 100. And that's many times
more than the cost of 28 ,000 soldiers.
And he said, sir. He couldn't breathe.
I said, are you OK in that beautiful
suit? He was getting his suit was
getting very damp. I said, are you
OK? He goes, oh, and by the way,
I have to tell you, I had a great word that
I was going to use, but it's a curse word.
And I was told by a great evangelical preacher
just this week, sir, you tell the greatest
stories, you're the greatest everything. But
sir, please don't use foul language. And I said,
sometimes you need foul language to tell a
great story because there's no words like this.
He said, sir, you don't. So I was
going to use a really terrible word,
but it's over in an instant. But the truth
is, I think it does look worse. Look at all
the media back there. I think it does look
worse on television than it sounds in Iran.
So did you notice I had a blank
space right there? I said, I said,
here's what you do. You go and tell me, sir,
may I take five minutes? I'd like to make a
phone call back to Mexico. I said, absolutely.
Say hello to the president, please.
That's who you're calling, right? Yes,
sir. How did you know? I said,
please be quick because I have
a very important appointment coming in.
So he went out, came back very quickly.
Sir, it would be my great honor to supply you
with 28 ,000 soldiers free of charge. It would
be my great honor to create a new policy of
staying in Mexico or remain in Mexico. And,
sir, it would be my great honor to
have catch and release in Mexico,
as opposed to catch and
release into the United States.
And those other things, sir, we
would like very much to do that also.
By the way, the woman from the State Department,
she almost had like a heart attack. She
couldn't believe it. And she was a good woman.
She was actually happy. A lot of
them would be unhappy because,
you know, they would have been
right about the point. She was
actually happy. She couldn't believe
it. I did many, many things like that.
I did it with Macron. You saw Macron taking
advantage of Biden just the last couple of
days. He's looking at him like, how dumb is this
guy? What the hell is that? They're landing in a
parachute. And he turns around not to watch the
guy landing, but to watch a tree behind them.
And the new and very respected leader
of Italy. I didn't know who that was. A
woman came up to him and turned him, spun him
around like he was a top. He had no idea where
the hell he was. He's watching a parachute
land and he turns around to look at trees.
And I don't like to imitate anymore because
the fake news is always putting it on my
wife. I told the story yesterday.
I imitate him. He can never find
the stairways off a stair off a stage.
And we've got them all over the place.
They're over here. I have emergencies
right there. You can't even see him,
but I have stairs all over. It's
almost impossible not to find a
stair. You can walk in any direction. And I
imitated him. I imitated him getting lost.
Have you ever noticed? He always goes
like this. He makes the speech at last
for about a minute and a half. People
come to listen to him. You know how many
people come? Like we have this massive room
that's packed to the corners and outside.
You got more people. Listen. He can't
fill up the eight circles. And I said,
by the way, the eight circles were
meant for Covid. They're meant for
Covid. You don't have to use them, but they
use them as an excuse because nobody comes.
So he's up and he's before a tiny little crowd,
30, 40, 50 people. And the speech lasts for like
a minute. And then he's looking for the exit
and he goes like this. He always does it. He
points and he's pointing in the right direction
and then he walks in a different direction.
And I said to our great first lady,
I called her and we had a big crowd
that evening. You know what? We had 107
,000 people in New Jersey two weeks ago,
107 ,000 people. Matt Gates was
there. Matt Gates was there.
We had 68 ,000 in Alabama, 70, 73
,000 in Texas. We have the biggest
crowds in the history of politics.
That tells you they like what we're
saying. I called our first lady and
he said, how good was that speech?
Was that brilliant? Was that did
you see the crowd first lady? This
is the way you talk to a wife, right? I
think did you see the crowd first lady?
How good was that? Nobody else could
get a crowd in history of politics.
Nobody ever had a crowd like
that first lady. She goes,
but your hair looked terrible. So what
the hell? Or she'll say something even
worse. Have you gained weight? You didn't look
good. But this last time it was like a fluke.
She said the speech was unbelievable.
Congratulations. But what happened?
You couldn't find the stairs going off the stage.
So I imitated him and the fake dude said I
couldn't find the stairs. Do you believe him?
I said, I had no problem first lady. She said,
well, they showed you. You couldn't get off the
stage. You were walking into a wall. You know,
usually there's a wall behind. That's
good enough. And I'll walk into it.
Now I don't like to do it anymore
because they show it to. No,
that's an imitation of Biden. But
thank God we have great secret
service. They run up on the stage and
they grab him and they throw him off.
They get him off the stage. Upon
my inauguration, we will throw out
Bidenomics and replace it with magnonomics,
magnonomics. And in less than four years,
crooked shows inflation nightmare and energy price
hikes, the likes of which we've never seen before.
They've cost the typical American
household $28 ,000. The monthly
cost of a typical mortgage has doubled
and tripled even. We had it at $2. Think
of this. We were at 2 .3%. And he's at
probably 10%, but you can't get money.
The numbers are crazy, the food numbers, the
energy numbers. Yet Joe Biden has no plan.
He's got absolutely no plan. He doesn't even
know what the word inflation means. I don't
think if you gave him a quiz, I think he
should take a cognitive test like I did.
I took a cognitive test,
and I aced it. Doc Ronnie,
Doc Ronnie Johnson. Does everyone know Ronnie
Johnson, congressman from Texas? He was the
White House doctor. And he said, I was the
healthiest president he feels in history.
So I liked him very much immediately. In
fact, he said, if I didn't eat junk food,
I would live to 200. That's what
he said. But I said, Ronnie,
should I take a test? He said,
well, you know, it's Walter Reed.
It's sort of a public hospital. If you don't do
well, they're going to find out about it. I said,
well, you know, like, I'm a smart
person. How tough is it? He said,
it gets very tough as you get to the middle of it.
And I did something that he's never
seen done. I aced it. I got every
question right. I aced it in front of a
lot of people. And I think presidents,
you run for president now. I understand.
I understand that it's not constitutional.
Can you believe it's unconstitutional to
have that test taken? So we have to live
with guys like Biden. But you know
what? I don't think we're going to
live with them for long because
I've never seen such enthusiasm.
I've never seen anything. We won. We
won twice. And we never had anything
like what's happening now. But I'll stop Joe
Biden's inflation -causing spending spree and
imposing immediate moratorium on all of crooked
shows, hundreds of billions of dollars in waste.
He's wasting money at levels never seen
before. He's putting all this money into
the green new scam. It's a scam, one of the
greatest scams in history. Although I give
Zelensky. I think Zelensky is maybe the greatest
salesman of any politician that's ever lived.
Every time he comes to our country, he walks away
with $60 billion. And I like him. You know, on the
impeachment hoax number one, he was very good. He
said, no, the president didn't threaten me at all.
He could have been a grandstander
and said, I was threatened, right,
Matt? He could have said, I was
threatened. So I like him. But
he's the greatest salesman of all time.
He walks in. So now here's the beauty.
He just left four days ago with
$60 billion. And he gets home,
and he announces that he needs another $60
billion. It never ends. It never ends. I
will have that settled prior to taking
the White House as president -elect.
I will have that settled. Got to stop it.
Would it never happen to fight Joe Biden's
inflation? I will stop the Biden migrant. This
is a Biden migrant invasion. An estimated 50% of
inflation has been caused by the soaring
cost of housing, which is skyrocketing,
due to Joe Biden's tidal wave of illegal
immigration and high interest rates.
And they're putting these illegal
aliens into luxury hotels,
as our great warriors lie on the
streets. We have people that came
into our country illegally, and they're
living in hotels and even luxury hotels.
And our veterans are lying in the streets.
How sick is it? Sick. And by the way,
when we ran the VA, we had a 92% approval
rating. And we took it up from 41%,
which I don't even think it was 41.
And now it's back to where it was.
So many of the things we did, they wanted
to end. We took care of our veterans at a
level that nobody has ever seen before. One
thing we said, if you have to wait online,
and I had to get this done through Congress, if
you had to wait online for more than one day,
you go out to a private doctor, get
yourself better, or we pay the bill, right?
That sounds sensible. People
were waiting for three months,
for four months, for two weeks. Can
you imagine you want to see a doctor
you really feel badly? And he says, good,
come back in about a month and a half.
People were becoming terminally ill that would
have had a minor, they would have gotten a shot or
they would have taken a pill, they were becoming
terminally ill. Anybody waits more than 24 hours,
you couldn't see a doctor, you go to
a private doctor and we pay the bill.
We had prices, we had schedules. The
other thing we did is we had civil
service, 9 ,000 people that were crooks
and thugs and sadists, a lot of sadists,
they enjoyed beating up our wounded
warriors in less than prime time.
You know, in prime time they would have
gotten the hell beat out of them, but
our people were in bad shape and they
would beat them up. We had sadists.
Can you believe this is a country, but it's
the way it is, 9 ,000, I got the approval.
We fired 9 ,000 people and replaced them
with good, loving people. And we had the
highest approval rating in the history
of the VA, but what makes you sick is to
see what's happened with our soldiers and
you see the way others are being treated.
How about they're given a cell phone,
they're given all sorts of insurance,
they're given hospitalization and what it does
is that people want to come into the country.
Gavin Newsome, the governor of Gavin, the great
Gavin Newsome, said, come into the United States,
we will provide you with hospitalization,
we will provide you with education.
They're actually taking the chairs of our
students, sitting there with a language
that we've never even heard about. You know,
there are languages that we have nobody
in our country that can even speak.
There are a lot of languages out there. Now
he's destroyed California. If you listen to
him on Sean Hannity, I listen to him and
he talks like California. The people are
leaving California. I hate to say that
because I have property in California.
Maybe I'm hurting the value of my property, but
I have to tell you, he's destroying California
and he may be the next one up. He could be
the next one up. I don't think so, though,
because his record is so bad,
but something's happening.
I do believe because I can't believe that
this gentleman is going to be allowed to
run for office. And if he is, we have
to have the greatest victory. We're
going to take back our country. We're not
going to let this happen to our country.
We're not going to let it happen. Think of this.
A week ago, I woke up and I heard that Russia has
nuclear powered submarines. In Cuba, that's
60 miles off the coast of Florida. And they
have what you call destroyers,
very destructive ships, actually.
Missile carrying ships, numerous of
them in Cuba. Now that's a total lack
of respect. And because the fake news
is so fake, they don't want to report
it because when you think about how bad that
is, Putin would never have done that with me.
He never would have gone into Ukraine
with me. He just wouldn't have done it.
And of course, when the oil price
hit almost 100 dollars a barrel,
that gave him the right to do it also. He's
the only one made money prosecuting a war.
But all of those things would have
happened. You would have never had
October 7th in Israel. You would
have never had that. There was no
attack because Iran was broke. When
Trump was president, Iran was broke.
I told China you can't buy. I told
other countries you can't buy the
oil. Iran was broke. They were
ready to make a deal. We would
have made a deal. We would have been
very fair. We would have made a deal.
And now Iran is rich as hell. They have 250
billion dollars, which they made over the
last three and a half years. They're a rich
country now. It's unbelievable. They could
have made a deal. We could have had a deal
if that election wasn't rigged and stolen.
We would have had a deal with Iran the
first week after the election. Instead,
we have a very hostile country that
wants nuclear weapons. You can't let
that happen. We just gave six billion
dollars to Iran for five hostages.
You saw that. Six billion. Six
billion. And once you do that,
then all of a sudden lots of other people
are going to go missing because it's crazy.
Think of it. Six billion dollars
for five people. It's unbelievable.
We will make the Trump tax cuts
permanent and cut taxes even more
for working families and small businesses.
You know, it's interesting. We cut taxes,
the biggest tax cuts in history, bigger than
Reagan, because Reagan had big tax cuts.
We had bigger than Reagan. So the rates were cut
way down for business down to 21% from I mean,
including state and city and everything. Many,
many companies are paying much more
than 50. So they were cut way down 21%.
In fact, I'd like to bring them
down further for the middle class,
bring them down even more. They're
gonna let them expire. They're gonna
give you the biggest tax increase
you've ever had ever by four times.
But the amazing thing is we cut the rates way down
and we took in more money than we ever
took out before. So with a lower rate,
the incentive was so great. People were
doing things. Businesses were thriving.
So with a much lower rate, we took in more revenue
than we ever took in before. It's an
amazing number, right? Who would think?
As part of those tax cuts, I have announced that
I will eliminate taxes on tips for restaurant
workers and hospitality workers
and anyone else be lying on tips.
No more taxes on tips. No taxes on tips. None.
None. In fact, on your receipt, when you get your
receipt for a restaurant, you know who sent me one
Kid Rock? How good is Kid Rock? Isn't he crazy?
But he sent me a seat and he wrote on the receipt,
vote for Trump and you won't pay taxes on tips.
He wrote that on the receipt. I
said, that's very smart. That's
very smart. Smart guy. So for restaurant
workers, for hotel workers, for tatties,
for car people, it's a lot. But anybody
receiving tips is no more tax on tips.
And I think that's gonna be a great
thing. You know, they earned it. A
lot of people don't get tips. You don't like
the service. You don't give them anything,
right? You don't like the service,
but somebody does a good job.
They're supposed to pay tax on it
now. So we're ending that immediately,
effective immediately when we
get in. As we rescue our economy,
we'll also seal the border and send
Joe Biden's illegal aliens back home.
We have no choice. It's not sustainable
by anybody. We have no choice.
Less than four years ago, I handed
crooked Joe Biden the strongest,
most secure border in U. S history.
We built 571 miles of border wall.
We ended all catch and release. We
shut down asylum fraud like nobody's
ever thought even imaginable. We had
remain in Mexico safe third agreements
and title 42 all done and all agreed
by Mexico. You think that was easy?
It wasn't easy. It was nasty, actually.
And we paid nothing for it. Nothing. Just
like we gave McCrone nothing. I was
gonna say he was gonna put a 25% tax
on everything. Anybody doing business in France.
I said, you can't do it. He said, Oh, do
not do not. We would love to do this. It
was passed by our legislature and
our parliament or whatever the hell
he calls it. And I said that no, no. So
I gave it to minutia and some people.
I said, Go deal with France. Tell
him they're not gonna do it. And they
came back. They couldn't make the deal.
And then they came back again. I said,
You have one more day. Make the
deal. They couldn't make the deal.
I called up McCrone. I said, Emmanuel,
how are you? How are you? Emmanuel?
You saw the way he was toying with Biden
two days ago. He was toying with Biden.
Get Biden to sign things. I can't even
believe it what they're signing away.
But he was toying with him. And I said to him,
Listen, Emmanuel, if you don't drop that tax
immediately, no, no, I cannot do that. I said,
Yes, you can. If you don't tax it immediately,
all wine, every bit of wine, every
bottle of wine and champagne that you
send into the United States, we're putting
a 100% tariff on that wine or champagne.
We don't want your wine and champagne.
We I said, Yeah, it's not fair to charge
American companies 25%. I gotta stick up for the
companies. They're our job producer. He said,
That is not fair. I said, Emmanuel, you have
24 hours to tell me 10 minutes would be better.
He calls me up five minutes later.
Donald, we have agreed to, uh,
terminate the 25% tax on America. This
is I do things like this. You have no
idea how many deals you could make on a
phone. I about Mrs Biden and Joe Biden.
They're back and forth like it's a taxi camp from
Europe. They come back. Let's go to
the trial for a day back, back forth,
back forth on Air Force one like it's a taxi
camp. It's not a taxi cab. It's serious stuff.
But that's endemic of where they come with the
country and how they run the country. They don't
know what the hell they're doing. They really
don't know what the hell they're doing. The entire
world is emptying out their prisons and jails,
their insane asylums, their mental institution,
and our country's being turned into a dumping
ground, and the entire world is laughing at us.
They say, how stupid are the
leaders of America? And they
are stupid. Earlier this week,
ICE arrested not one, not two,
but eight suspected terrorists. They're pouring
in at levels that nobody's ever seen before.
And we're going to pay a big price. We've got to
get them out fast. One of the first things I'm
doing, we're getting them out fast. According to
reports, many of these terrorist savages entered
through Joe Biden's open border, and Crooked Joe
released them immediately into the United States.
He set them loose to spread their terror network
all across America under Biden. There has been a,
this is, by the way, border patrol.
This isn't me. Somebody would say,
oh, that's Trump. This is border patrol.
There has been a 3 ,000% increase in
the number of people on the terror
watch list crossing the southern border. 3
,000%. 3 ,000%. The choice for every voter
this November is clear. You can have a
president who lets thousands of radical
Islamic terrorists into our country,
or you can have a president who throws
radical Islamic terrorists the hell out
of our country and gets them out fast.
I
crazy. On day one of my new administration, we
will begin the largest deportation operation
in American history. We have no
choice. This is not sustainable.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
And it doesn't make me happy to say
that either. And you know what's going
to happen. We'll get 10 terrorists
and then one woman with two children
that are beautiful children and that'll
be the front page of every newspaper.
It's never an easy thing to do, but
we have no choice. Dwight Eisenhower,
which people don't think of him in these
terms, had the largest deportation effort by
far in the history of our country because
he said they're destroying our country.
We can't let this happen. That
was Dwight, Dwight D. Eisenhower,
president, much stronger president
than people give him credit for. But
we're going to have no question.
We're going to have no problem.
You know, they wouldn't take, as you know, with
we have MS -13, the worst killers of any gang
anywhere in the world and they were pouring into
our country and I said, we want to get them out.
I said, I want to bring them back to their country
because you don't want to put them in our jails.
It's so expensive and everything. They killed two
girls in Long Island. They sliced them
up with a knife. They didn't want to
use a gun. They didn't want to use a
gun. They sliced them up with a knife.
Two young high school girls walk
into school. They killed them,
sliced them into pieces with a knife.
They're animals. And Nancy Pelosi said,
you shouldn't call them animals. These are human
beings. I said, no, they're not human beings.
These are animals. They sliced them
up with a knife. And by the way,
ICE and Border Patrol, you know, ICE
came in. This was in Long Island. ICE,
for some reason they like Long Island. But
ICE came in and these are great patriots.
These are tough cookies. I know some of
my friends up here in the front rows,
they're tough, but they're not doing the
ICE. They're not doing that. And you'll see
ICE come in and they'll run into what they
call a pack, a pack of MS -13 tough guys.
And you'll see for two minutes
fist to flying and everything's
flying. Who the hell wants to do
that? Matt Gaetz wouldn't do it.
Byron wouldn't do it. Byron's tough.
He wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it.
I think Mike Lindell might do it. I don't
know. He may be the only one. He may be
the only one. I wouldn't do it, Mike. And
they go in there, the hands are flying,
and then they grab them, they're, gaga, they're
all knocked out and they put them in paddy wagons.
But my people told me that we couldn't get
them back into their country. So Guatemala,
Honduras, El Salvador, they come
from countries just beyond Mexico,
some come from Mexico, actually, but
the countries won't take them back.
They clogged up the runway so that
a plane can't land. They blocked
all the roads so the buses couldn't
get in. And the generals came to me,
sir, we have a problem. We have them
all, but we can't get them back in.
We haven't been able to get them back in for
many, many years. During the Obama administration,
they could never get them in. That was Obama
Biden. Biden didn't have a clue then either,
by the way. We cannot get them in, sir.
I said, really, how much money do we pay them a
year for their economic development stuff?
So I was going to use another word there,
but I can't do it because of the man that
I respect so much. You know who it is?
Franklin Graham. I can say that. Who's the
great guy? He wrote me in a president. You
don't have to use foul language. You
just don't have to use foul language.
Your stories are so great. Your crowds
are the biggest crowds ever assembled.
Nobody's ever done this. You don't need
foul language. I said, sometimes you do
for emphasis. He said, you don't, sir. So
I'm trying it without foul language today
for Franklin Graham. And I say that these
stories lose 10 .2 percent effectiveness.
But I do it for Franklin Graham because
he's a great guy and those are great
people. They're great people, what
they do. The pastors, the preachers,
the rabbis, a lot of great people. We have
a lot of great people, so I'm doing that.
I said, you know, maybe he's right,
but think of it. So they bring these
people out and they can't get them
back into their country. So I said,
call the presidents of those three
countries, inform them immediately.
They get seven hundred and fifty
million dollars from the stupid
United States. Inform them that
we're not paying them any longer
because they didn't fulfill all of
the obligations under the agreement.
Namely, they're sending a lot of you
know, they send them because they don't
want them in their country because
they're smart. And you know what? If
it was me running those countries, I
would have done it faster than them.
Why wouldn't you do it? I would have cleaned
out the prisons. They've only gone down 50, 60,
70 percent. Venezuela, crime is down 72 percent
because they've taken all of their criminals,
most of them, and they've sent them in to
have the rest of them in within a year.
I would have done it much faster if I were
them. I would have done it much faster. I said,
tell these countries that we're no longer
paying them 750 million dollars. And they
did. And the next morning I
get to the office early, 730.
I get three calls separately but
simultaneously. Mr. President,
may we speak to you? I would like to
speak to you. I don't understand. There
must be some miscommunication. You stop
payment on all of the money you send us.
But I ask why? Because you're not taking
your criminals that you sent to us. They
send them. By the way, they send them.
You're not taking them back. Oh, sir,
we would be delighted to take them back.
It would be our great honor to take back 400 MS
-13 savages. It would be our great honor. Sir,
please send them back. We would love
to take them. We can fly them in. Oh,
yeah. For years, they weren't able to do it.
You know that, Matt Gates? They
weren't able to get it. I said,
we're not going to pay them
anymore. As soon as I said that,
they all called at the same time I spoke to them
separately. It was like the same conversation.
We would be delighted to take them back.
And that was the end of that. We sent out
thousands and thousands of MS -13 back to
their country. But it's out of control now
because whatever we sent back, they're coming
back in at levels that nobody's ever seen.
I won in 2016 because of the border.
We had a really bad border. But that
border was nothing compared to what you
have now. That border was peanuts. It was
nothing. It's no wonder Joe Biden and
his thugs are so desperate to stop us.
They know that we are the only ones
who can stop them and they know it.
And it was just announced that they withdrew
their lawsuit. The laptop from hell lawsuit,
right? The fake. Remember where they
said it was Russian disinformation.
It wasn't. They withdrew their lawsuit against the
greatest mayor in the history of New York City,
Rudy Giuliani, which accused him of
everything under the sun regarding
the laptop from hell. They withdrew it on the
basis that everything that he said was true.
For years, he's been fighting
for himself. Everything Rudy
Giuliani said was true. It was not from
Russia. It had nothing to do with Russia.
It only had to do with Hunter. Think
of that. They try and destroy people.
But think of that. It wasn't Russian
disinformation. It was made up story
for election interference purposes. And
I assume we're going to be talking about
that at the debate. Is anybody going
to be watching the debate in this room?
You know, they gave me an offer that
I couldn't accept. They said it's fake
tapper is the moderator. They said they
said it's a sit down. It's a very sterile
room. Nobody and nobody allowed in.
Nobody allowed not even your family.
Nobody allowed in. There'll be no
audience whatsoever. And they turn
off your mics when you finish speaking.
They're trying to make this very exciting,
right? They turn off your mics so that you
can't talk while the other man is talking.
But maybe that's a good thing.
Maybe that's positive. Let them
talk. But so they assumed that I
would say no, because, you know,
you got CNN fake news, which their camera
just went off. Look, their cameras.
The light just went off. The CNN.
Their light just went off. I watch their
light all the time. If I mentioned anything
about voter fraud, they turn their light off
because they know it's true. It's unbelievable.
No, their light just went off. I
can't believe I got about a minute
and a half. That cameraman is toast.
He's not. But they gave me it's like
the mob. They gave me an offer I
couldn't accept. I said I accept.
because we want to get him to debate, because
here's what happened. They made an offer that
was so ridiculous, and they knew I was
going to say no. And then they could go,
they say, Biden wanted to debate,
but Trump refused to debate, right?
But Trump refused to debate, he
wouldn't do it. But I said yes,
and now they don't know what the hell to do. But
remember this, all of their persecution of me
and others is only happening because I'm running
for president and leading very big in the polls.
And since the RIG trial in New York, my numbers
have increased substantially. And fundraising,
by the way, is, I believe, the highest numbers in
the history of politics, just like these crowds,
because you know what?
The people of our country know they know
it, they watch it, they see it's fake,
it's rigged. There was no crime. The
greatest legal minds in the country,
Alan Dershowitz, Andy McCarthy,
Greg Jarrett, all of them, great.
These are great legal minds, all of them, every
single one of them. Greg Jarrett wrote the most
beautiful report. Every single one of
these legal minds, I have 15 of them,
not one of them, Jonathan Turley has been
unbelievable, great, very talented guy.
The great one, you know who the great one
is? Mark Levine. Mark Levine. When Mark
Levine came out, he said this is the
most horrible thing. They all come out,
said there's no crime, there's no trial, this
trial shouldn't be had, et cetera, et cetera.
And then I couldn't defend myself because
I got a gag order. This is the first
time in history a president, a former
president, and now the guy that beat
all the Republicans in a record fashion
faster than anybody has ever done it.
And now the candidate, Republican
candidate, big deal, Republican candidate,
that's big stuff. A president of
the United States has a gag order
where I'm not allowed to speak because the
judge doesn't want the truth to come out.
And he knows I'm the one that when I talk,
they listen, people have listened. And that's
why the polls went higher. I'm the only
one in history who got indicted and my
numbers went up. I'm the only one in history
who got impeached and my numbers went up.
There's never been another candidate
in history. When you get indicted or
you get impeached, the following
events take place. You call for
a microphone immediately. Please set up a
microphone. Could you do it like quickly?
Yes, sir. He then gets to the microphone. He goes,
ladies and gentlemen, it's been a great honor
to serve you. But I will be leaving office.
I have to be careful because they'll
put this on as though I'm saying it.
So I have to intersperse it with statements
like this is just sarcasm. But they get up
to a microphone. They say, I'll be
leaving office now. I will fight for
my name and reputation and I will
bond and get closer to my family.
And you never hear from the poor guy
again. That's the end of him, right,
Mike? That's the end of it. I've
seen it about 200 times. I'm the
only one that told the truth. I'm
the only one that explained it.
And I didn't have to because the
people knew it. And they know me
so well. They know me so well.
They get it. I got indicted more
than the legendary Alphonse Capone.
Has anyone heard of Alphonse Capone?
Scarface. He was so mean that if
he had dinner with a person and
if he didn't like him, he would kill the
person. They would never find him again
like Mike Lindell. He wouldn't
like Mike because you know why?
He'd say, those ads, they are driving
me crazy. Let's get rid of this guy. He
couldn't stand those ads. Al Capone
would take Mike out in two minutes.
Mike's beautiful new wife would say,
what the hell happened to my husband?
You'd never be fat. He'd be buried under
the World Trade Center. But think of it,
Alphonse Capone Scarface, he was
the meanest of them all. He had
a scar that went from here to here.
Scarface. The meanest, the toughest.
I got indicted more than he did
and I didn't do anything wrong. I
didn't do anything wrong. Even these
great scholars, Jonathan Turley said
there is no crime. Andy McCarthy said
there is no crime. There's no crime.
There was no crime. It's a rigged deal. We have
a rigged country. We have rigged elections. We
have open borders. Think of it. And the court
system now is under siege. It's under siege.
We have a lot of problems in this country.
On top of that, we could end up in World
War III because we have an incompetent
leader that should never have been there. He's
an incompetent man. As of today, we're leading
Biden nationally and in every single battleground
state, including the wonderful state of Michigan.
Have you heard of Michigan? Did you ever
hear Biden get up and give the wrong state?
If that ever happened to me, it would be
the end of my political career. I always
be very careful. Like the wonderful
state of Michigan, suppose he went,
so he's in Florida, and he goes, it's
great to be with the people of Iowa, Iowa.
The palm trees, the palm trees are all over.
Iowa's not known for palm trees. I mean,
he got Idaho and Iowa mixed up, and that
you can sort of understand. Of course,
potatoes are different than corn, but
that Idaho, it's great to be in Idaho.
No, sir, you're in Iowa. You got New
Hampshire mixed up with Massachusetts,
but maybe you can understand
he thought he was, you know,
he thought he was across the line,
but can you imagine if I did that?
So when I say, it's great to be in the
wonderful state of, and I always think,
I say, I better get this sucker right. I'm
thinking about it. Long before I make the
statement, I'm thinking about,
are you sure this is Michigan?
You're sure? Now, the fake news will report
tonight, Donald Trump wasn't sure that he
was in Michigan, and only the people in this
room will understand how dishonest they are.
The radical left Democrats rigged
the presidential election in 2020,
and we're not going to allow them to
rig the presidential election in 2024.
I will tell you, 2016 was, was that
the coolest evening maybe in history,
maybe. The only thing that's going to
blow it away will be November 5th. If
we win on November 5th, I think it'll be
the greatest political event in history.
I actually think a victory on November 5th,
which actually starts much earlier.
Remember Pennsylvania, September 22nd,
North Carolina, September 6th, they start earlier.
You don't say it when you have to go months early.
It's crazy. What are they doing with all
these votes? What are they doing? But
Michael Watley is doing a fantastic job,
along with Lara. We're doing a fantastic
job at the RNC. I said, we don't need
votes, and Charlie Kirk is helping.
He's got his army of young people. These are
young patriots. These are young patriots. They
don't want to see what's been happening
in our country. Thank you, Charlie.
USA! USA! USA!
Well, thank you, Joe. And I said
to Charlie and I said to Michael,
I said to everybody, listen, we don't
need votes. We got more votes than
anybody's ever had. We need to watch
the vote. We need to guard the vote.
We need to stop the steel. We don't
need votes. We have to stop focus.
Don't worry about votes. We got
all the votes. I was in Florida
yesterday. Every house has a Trump
sign. Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump.
We have to we have to guard the vote when
that vote comes in from the moment they say
they're going to sign, you know, these mail in
ballots are treacherous. They're treacherous.
These these boxes, these lock boxes are
horrible, horrible, and we'll change it.
But we have to win the election in
order to change it. What they're doing,
they have these boxes all over the
place. People are walking up. Who
the hell knows what they're doing?
It's a horrible thing to watch.
It's a horrible thing to watch. You know, when
you have a real election and you walk in and
they look at you and they check your photograph
and they do the you can't do much. But we have,
like in the state of California,
they send out 38 million ballots.
Who the hell knows where they're
going? They do. They go to a lot
of Democrat neighborhoods and you're
told you can't win. I go to California.
We have 100 ,000 people show up. I
said, why are we losing California?
Wait a minute. Why would we lose it?
It's so corrupt the whole election
process. And what we want to do is we
ultimately want to go to paper ballots,
voter I. D. one day voting. We want to
make sure you're a citizen of this country.
Every time the radical left Democrats,
Marxists, communists and fascists indict me,
I consider it a great badge of honor
because I'm being indicted for you.
Thank you very much. Never forget our
enemies want to take away my freedom
because quite simply I will never let
them take away your freedom and I won't.
They want to silence me because I will never let
them silence you. And in the end, they're not
after me. They're after you. I'm just standing in
their way and I always will. From the very first
day that we, we it's we not me, it's we that we
take back the White House from crooked Joe Biden.
I believe we're going to have the four
greatest years in the history of our
country. Before I even arrive at the Oval
Office shortly after we win the presidency,
I will have the horrible war
between Russia and Ukraine settled.
We're going to get it settled
and stop the death under my
leadership. We had no new wars.
Hillary Clinton. She used to say,
Look at him. Look at him. Listen to him. He's
gonna start wars. No, no, I stopped wars.
We defeated 100% of the ISIS caliphate.
We brought our troops back home. I had no
new wars. I had no wars. I started the
wars first time in 78 years instead of
a globalist war monger. And that's
what you have in the White House.
You finally had a peacemaker at 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue. These terrible wars,
these horrible wars that were started.
They never end. We call them the endless
battles. Biden's weakness and failure
are putting us in grave danger.
As president, I will restore peace through
strength. And my next term, we will build a great
iron dome over our country like Israel has a dome
like has never been seen before. A state of the
art missile defense shield that will be entirely
built in America and create jobs, jobs, jobs.
It will be the greatest
dome anywhere in the world.
Israel has a dome. Why shouldn't
we have a dome? We're gonna have
the greatest and most sophisticated. And
by the way, Ronald Reagan wanted a dome.
He was right. But the technology
wasn't anywhere near that. You
could never have done it. Then today
we have technology. Look at Israel the
other day. 300 missile shot and everyone
but one was knocked out of the air 300.
To further secure America's future and
create opportunity for young people,
I will end Joe Biden's war on crypto
and we will ensure that the future
of crypto and Bitcoin will be made in
America. If we don't do it, China will.
If we don't do it, other countries
will. I will always protect Medicare
and Social Security for our
great seniors. And you know,
your Social Security and Medicare are under siege
because of the people coming over the border.
And the people coming over the border, all those
millions of people, they're inflicting tremendous
harm to our black population and to our Hispanic
population. Those people are suffering because
their jobs are being taken, their hospitals
are being taken, their schools are being taken.
They're the ones that suffer most.
You know who else suffers? Unions.
No union is going to be able to be
sustained like this. We will end the
weaponization of our government. We will
bring back law in order to our country.
We will take care of our police officers
and our great law enforcement. Joe Biden
is out the other day trying to claim that
crime is down, but actually crime is way
up. They don't report crime properly
anymore, as you probably have heard.
Crooked Joe is citing statistics that no longer
include data from 30 percent of the country,
including the biggest and most violent cities. Oh,
I see. That's nice. Meanwhile, Joe Biden still
supports no cash bail and sanctuary cities.
I'm probably the only one that has to
pay bail. Think of it. I'm the only
one I think he's responsible for the
deaths of countless African -Americans
from crime. And he also devastated black
families in 1994 with the crime bill.
Super predators. Remember, that was Joe
Biden came up with that. Super predators.
The black people have to remember when
they go to vote. That was 1994 crime
bill. Super predators. Joe Biden. When I'm
president, we will end sanctuary cities.
We will once again support our police. We
will be going and rebuilding our cities
into beacons of hope, safety and beauty
better than they ever have been before.
We will take over our horribly
run capital in Washington, D .C.
We will clean it up, renovate it,
rebuild our capital city that no
longer will we allow it to be a
nightmare of murder and crime.
It's a nightmare of murder and crime
in our capital. You leave Michigan.
You want to go see the Washington
Monument, the Jefferson Memorial. You
want to see something in Washington. You end
up getting killed. You end up getting shot,
beat to a pulp. But our capital will become the
most beautiful capital anywhere in the world.
And it will be safe from crime. We owe
that to our country and we will replace
the people that are running our capital who are
running it into the ground, who, by the way,
were offered 10 ,000 soldiers or National
Guard on January 6 along with Nancy Pelosi.
Oh, did you see Nancy Pelosi, her daughter? Oh,
her daughter's in trouble. Her daughter is
a semi -professional photojournalist, as she
calls herself. And she has Nancy on tape saying it
was Nancy's responsibility to secure the capital.
I hope the congressmen and women
remember that little tape that was
released two days ago because the fake
news doesn't want to talk about it very
much. She took full responsibility for
it. She's angry as hell at her daughter.
She may cut her daughter off from
over the millions and millions of
dollars that she scammed, that she
scammed as a congressperson. Think of it,
she has better returns than her money than the
smartest people in the history of Wall Street.
Look at that. I wonder how she did that. On
day one, I will sign a new executive order
to cut federal funding for any school pushing
critical race theory, transgender insanity,
and other inappropriate racial, sexual or
political content onto the lives of our children.
And I will not give one penny to any
school that has a vaccine mandate or
a mask mandate. And I will keep men out of
women's sports. And I will fully uphold our
great Second Amendment. NRA endorsed
me, gave me their full endorsement.
Thank you to the NRA. We
will protect innocent life,
and we will restore a thing called free
speech that's being taken away from us
by these radical thugs. And I will secure
our elections at a level never seen before.
And as I said, our goal will be one day voting
paper ballots, proof of citizenship, and voter ID.
But we have to win. Republicans have to win. We
want a landslide that is too big to
rig. Remember that, too big to rig.
How do you win it? There's a point at which
they can't cheat. We want a landslide that is
too big to rig. You know, we're leading
in places that we've never led for 40,
50 years. Minnesota, we're leading by two.
We're leading in Virginia. We're leading in a lot
of states that were not states that people even
think about. No, we want a landslide. Remember
the term, too big to rig. If you took the 10
worst presidents in the history of the United
States and added them up, they would not have
done near the destruction to our country as Joe
Biden and the Biden administration have done.
Take the 10 worst, add them up. He's worse
than the 10 worst put together. The only
good thing is Jimmy Carter is happy because
his presidency was brilliant by comparison
to Biden. So if you want to save America, I'm
asking everybody to go out and, quote, swamp
the vote USA dot com to make a plan to vote either
by mail or early in person or on election day.
Get out and vote and watch your
vote. If you want to volunteer
to help us turn out voters in your
neighborhood, sign up. Get trained
at Trump for sporty seven dot com. You got to
watch your vote because they destroy votes.
They terminate your vote. They do all
sorts of things. Watch your vote. You
can do it in conclusion from Marquette to Midland,
from Lansing to Flint and from Grand Rapids
to right here in Detroit. We stand on the
shoulders of red blooded Michigan patriots
who laid the railroads, worked the factories,
tilled the fields, forged the steel, fought the
battles and won the victories that built the
Motor City and made America into the greatest and
most powerful nation in the history of the world.
And we're going to bring back your auto
industry at a level greater than it was
30 years ago. But now we are a nation
in serious decline. We are a failing
nation. We are a nation that has lost
its confidence, willpower and strength.
We are a nation that has quite
simply lost its way. But we are
not going to allow this horror to
continue. Less than four years ago,
we were a great nation and we will soon be a
great nation again. With the right leadership,
every disaster Joe Biden has created
can be fixed and can be fixed quickly.
Every problem can be solved and every
wrong can be rectified. And we will do
it all so fast. You will be so proud
of your country again. You will walk
outside and your chest will be out there.
You will be having that beautiful red hat.
We have everybody with that beautiful,
beautiful red hat that says make America
great again. We love it. By this time
next year, America's borders will be shut,
sealed and secure. And again, people will come
into our country, but they'll come in legally.
They're going to come in legally. And by this time
next year, inflation will be in full retreat. Our
economy will be roaring back. Optimism will
be surging. American pride will be soaring.
The American dream will be thriving again for
citizens of every race, religion, color and creed.
Law and justice will reign all throughout
our land. Freedom will be restored. The
flame of liberty will be burning bright.
Joe Biden, the worst president in the
history of our country will be a fading,
horrible memory of the past and our great,
silent majority and the once forgotten men
and women of our country will be the one
shaping America's magnificent future when I
am the 47th president of the United States.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Because we are all Americans and
together we will show November
5th to be the most important day in the
history of America. We are one movement,
one people, one family, and
one glorious nation under God.
And together we will make America powerful
again. We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America strong again.
We will make America proud again.
We will make America safe again.
We will make America free again.
And we will make America great
again. Thank you Michigan,
God bless you. Thank you very much, God bless you.