# Donald Trump full speech at campaign event in Waunakee, WI (Oct. 1, 2024)
# Channel: WFAA
# Upload Date: 2024-10-01
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huiar-uzMio
# Language: en (whisper)
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 76.2%
# Whisper Model: base
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 13:24:20

================================================================================

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you everybody. This is a nice plant. Outside we could probably get another 30,000 people. Would anybody like to give up their position? I've never had anyone say yes. Someday we're going to meet somebody that says yes. Hello Wisconsin. It's great to be back at this beautiful state. Thousands of hard work and great American pictures. We appreciate it too. And you know we were up here in Saturday. We had a group. Tommy, I think it was maybe 50 or 60,000 people. And because we were not afforded the luxury of having enough security, because of not because of secret service, but because of Washington. I spoke in front of about 700 people and 50 or 60,000 people weren't able to see. And I think they still love me, but we have to make sure. And you know that was the political opponent saying we don't want him to have a crowd like that. But outside I'll tell you we have a lot. This is a different kind of a speech. Really this is a speech on economics and bringing back business and things. It's a great plant and a beautiful couple. A beautiful, a beautiful Mr and Mrs couple. And it's great to be here. It's really great to be here. It's beautiful. I want to thank Troy Berg and everyone at Dane Manufacturing for hosting us. Thank you Troy. Where is Troy? Where is he? What a beautiful couple that is. More importantly, I'd like to thank you. That's great. Thank you both very much. Appreciate it. Is he a great, is he a great owner? Great owner? Great everything, right? And what, what it was a 16 all about? Oh, 16. Wow. He's, oh, that's, he's better looking than you, Troy. That's good. That's great. Thank you very much everybody. Let me begin by sending our love to every family that has been affected by the hurricane, hurricane. Eline, I witnessed the damage firsthand yesterday in Georgia. And as you know, North Carolina was just devastated. We can't even get in. They don't have communication. They don't have anything. The town's reflected as well is as you know, totally underwater big place. Massive numbers of lives were lost yesterday, the day before yesterday and still counting. I have a lot of missing people. The people living in Western North Carolina, credible patriots. They really are. I know that area well. And they're still suffering immensely. And we need to help them. And we are going to help them as citizens in Alabama, Tennessee, Virginia. A couple of other places got a little hit, but in particular, these places in Georgia was hit very, very hard. But I want to thank Elon Musk for responding to my request. That star link be provided to North Carolina. You know, and the lines rolled down. They had no communication. You couldn't get to North Carolina. The area that was hit. And they were all saying, does anybody know Elon Musk? I said, yeah, I do. I raised my head. I asked a question. I said, yeah, I said, what's the problem? They said, do you think you could get him to get star link, which is amazing stuff, right? Starlink. And I said, I don't know too much about star link, but if you want it, we can get it. I call Elon and they had so many people over there, Tommy. They had so many people over there so quickly and they have great communication now. But I mean, it's just it's a terrible. But thank you, Elon. And because of you, they're in there in really great shape now from the standpoint of emergency needs. And we're going to be going there on Friday. I hope we can get in because it's tough. It's really bad. One of the worst, they say what are the worst hurricanes? Maybe the worst hurricane they've ever seen. Some people that have done this for 25 years said that was the worst they've ever seen. Because of the water, the water was the big one. That big winds, but the water was the big damage. It just went over the top of houses, if you can believe houses. And people went up to the second floor for safety and literally the water went over the house. But we mourn all of the fellow citizens who have lost their lives and we're keeping their families in our hearts and we'll continue to work with them. But praise be to God. I tell you, it's really it's really incredible. And then on top of that, as you know, the world right now is spiraling out of control. You might not have seen what's happened because a few hours ago, a lot of people were here. So many people outside, which we appreciate. But a lot of people were here a short time ago. I ran along to 181 ballistic missiles at Israel. And we, we, it's just, it's, I've been talking about World War III for a long time. And I don't want to make predictions because the predictions always come true. We're not going to make, but they are very close to global catastrophe. We have a non-existent president and a non-existent vice president who should be in charge. But nobody knows what's going on. She was a fundraiser in San Francisco. A city that she totally destroyed, by the way. San Francisco was the best city in the country maybe 20 years ago. And today you can't even, you can't even go there. You can't even live there. And I speak against myself because I own property there. I shouldn't be saying that. I should say it's the greatest place in the world. Let's sell my property. But I say it's, I don't know, maybe it's stages that come back. But it's, it's literally not livable. And 20 years ago is the best city in the country. Probably one of the best cities anywhere in the world. But they, you know, she was caught yesterday on an airplane staging a fake photo op. Did you see that with the telephone? The only problem is she didn't have the phone plugged in, you know. She was talking. She was talking on the phone. It's not plugged in. She's talking like she's working, you know. I'm working so hard. Oh boy, what a group. What a group. No one is in charge of our country and it's not even clear. Really, I mean, who's in charge between the two of them? You have a president, I guess. You have a vice president. I guess she should have never been chosen because she never got any votes. I'm not a big fan of his, but he got 14 million votes. And that was a coup. Would you say Scott, that was a coup? If Scott Walker says it was a coup, Tommy, I say it was a coup, okay? But it was a coup. It was terrible. And nobody's ever seen anything like it. And we're going, we're doing great in the polls. It just came out with new ones, respuced and we're really good. I mean, it took a little honeymoon, you know, for four weeks, you did nothing but here about. You went from, she was, she was went from being the worst vice president in history. He's the worst president in history. It's the worst administration by far in the history of our country. Look at our border where people are pouring in and their criminals and their murderers and drug dealers look at what they've done. And then she goes up six days ago, five days ago, and tries to explain that, you know, we're going to do great things in the future. And I always say that everything they say, why didn't you do it four years ago? Why didn't you do it? They keep talking. She said, I'm going to do this. And then I'm going to do that. And then I'm going to, but she's not going to do any of it. They're incompetent. We can't have another four years. We can't have, we can't have another four years of what we went through. It's embarrassing. The whole world is laughing at us. That's why Israel was under attack just a little while ago because they don't respect our country anymore. The so-called enemy doesn't respect our country any longer. They don't. And, oh, you'll get it back soon. I hope. Thank you. Whoever that is, who is that person? Who said that? Thank you. Thank you very much. That's very nice. Even though she disturbed my chain of thought, that kind of a disturbance we don't mind, right? But when I was president, Iran was in total. Checked the Iranians were star for cash. Nobody was buying their oil. And they were ready to make a deal. They wanted to make a deal. They wanted to do something. And a terrible thing. You know, we got more votes in the second election. As you know, we're 2016, 2021. We've got millions and millions more votes the second time. And they missed by just a little sliver, right? They said somebody said like 18, 19,000 votes at just this grace. They're not going to be able to do that a second time. They're not going to be able to do that. Thank you. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris made Iran rich. You know, very short period of three and a half years. They have $300 billion now. They're rich. They pay six billion every time they have a, if they have somebody that was kidnapped, it's always $6 billion. Whoever heard that somebody else gets like $4,000. How much do you want? Give me $2,000. You have anything? $6 billion. It's always $6 billion. With Russia, it was $6 billion. And they also got back their spy, the greatest spy. They say perhaps he was a spy, but he was really more of an arms merchant. And the greatest arms merchant, the greatest buyer of military equipment, they say anywhere at any time. They got him back. We got our basketball player back. That was the trick. Well, that is true. She used to tie her sneakers during the national anthem, right? And we got her back and they got the best, the best. And I'm not saying he's a nice human being, but he was the number one arms dealer in the world for a long time. But Iran was on the verge of bankruptcy. They had no money left. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for his money. People they're fighting now. They would have been willing to make any deal. You could have made any deal, but Kamala flooded them with American cash. And even now, I mean, they're flooding them with cash. It's honestly, it's not even believable. It's like men and women's sports. It's not believable. It's like open borders. Why would they want an open border? You know, it's so stupid. We're the party of common sense, by the way. We are the, I like to say it all. Forget, forget conservative. Yes. But you know more, we're the party of common sense because it's really more common sense than anything else. We want borders. We want fair elections. We want honest elections. And if you don't have those two things, you don't have a country, really. And we don't have a border. We had coming into our country in the last three, three and a half years, more than 21 million people. And many of those people with people you do not want to have in your country. We'll discuss that in a couple of seconds. But ever since Iran has been exporting terror all over the world, and it's been just unraveling the whole Middle East has been unraveling. But of course, the whole world has been unraveling since we left office. Russia would have never attacked Ukraine. This would have never happened in the Middle East. It wouldn't have been in October 7th. You wouldn't have had inflation. You know, we'll go to a different topic. You wouldn't have had inflation. None of these things would have happened. How about Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, in my opinion. Not that we're getting out. I would have gotten out. We're going to get out with dignity and strength. But they get out at the most embarrassing people falling 3,000 feet off airplanes. The whole thing was was bedla, we lost 13 great soldiers. I got to know their families. And a lot of people, you know, they never talk about the people that lost their arms, their legs, their face, obliterated. And hundreds of people died. Hundreds of people died that day on the other side. Because I count the other side too. But hundreds of people, gross incompetence. You don't take the military out first. Let's put it that way. He took the military. Remember, a year ago I brought a young boy, he was five years old, took him out of the audience. I gave him a quick little study. And I said at the end, so now, you know everything about the event. You take the military out first or last, he looked at me, you take the military out last, sir. It was five years old. But we took the military out first and that's when it came. That was sort of happened. You know, for 18 months, not one under my administration. 18 months, not one soldier. We shot at not one soldier in Afghanistan. And what I've talked to them because they were killing a lot of our soldiers with sniper sniper sniper fire. And they were killing a lot of our soldiers and during the Obama Biden administration. And I called the head of the Taliban because it's the Taliban that really, and they said, how come you're calling him the press that fake news? Look, look at all of them. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of camera. But I called his name Abdul. He said, Abdul, you're not going to do this anymore Abdul. Anyway, it's a long story. They said, why would you call him? I said, because that's where the problem is with Abdul and with the Taliban. And it's like Jesse James is a Jesse Jesse. Why do you always go after banks? Why do you rob banks? He said, because that's where the money is. Pretty, pretty simple story, right? But that's where the problem was. And since that time, 18 months, we didn't have one soldier killed or even shot at not one soldier. But they took the military when they took over, they took the military and then all hell broke loose. These people are grossly incompetent. And now we have them in charge of potentially World War III. And World War III, it's going to be like no other if it happens because of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction. Like nobody's ever seen before. I know because I rebuilt our military. I rebuilt it. It needed it. And I hated rebuilding that, but I rebuilt that too because we had no choice. But Iran had no money when I was in charge. They had a lot of money when I started. They had no money when I finished. And now they have $300 billion and another $300 billion from the Holy Ones subsidiary Iraq. It's a Holy Ones subsidiary. They probably don't like it when I say that, but that's true. Iraq doesn't like it. But they have $300 billion also. Remember I used to say, don't go into Iraq. Don't do it. To Bush. Don't do it. Don't go into Iraq. But they went into Iraq. Then they were there. I said, all right, you're there. Keep the oil. Just keep their remember you used to say, keep the oil. Iraq has more oil than almost anybody. It's like massive. But they didn't keep the oil. And they have hundreds of billions of dollars right now. Under my administration, we had no war in the Middle East. We had no war in Europe. We had harmony in Asia. We had no inflation. We had no Afghanistan catastrophe. Instead we had peace, peace, peace. We had a lot of peace. Thank you, but the only war. The only war we had was ISIS. And I went to ISIS. I wanted to see what I was going on. I went to Iraq. I flew there late at night, middle of the night. I landed and spoke to a lot of great people. I spoke to the general. Raising cane. You know that story. I won't go into it. But raising cane, general, raising cane, real general. These aren't like the guys you see on television. These are the real generals. We have unbelievable number. Believe me. We wiped them out in four weeks and set a five years. We're supposed to take. Circle take five years. I said, we got the greatest planes, the greatest weapons in the world. What have you been five years? I went over there and I said to the general. I landed. So I'm central casting. These guys are all central casting better than anybody that you could get in Hollywood. Because they're a little little not so good in Hollywood. You don't look quite as tough. They don't look quite as tough. I said, I said, like what's your name? I'm coming down the stairs from Air Force one. I said, so what's your name? You said cane sir. Can. What's your first name? Well, they call me raising. I said, what? They call me raising. I said, you mean your name is raising cane. Yes sir. You're the guy I'm looking for. I'm finally. I'm finally finding Tommy the guy that I want. I said, how come it's taken so long to get rid of this just basis. I mean, they fight with knives. By the way, they're great fighters. They are great fighters. Just ask some of their other rivals, but they're great fighters. Well, they weren't doing it the right way. So what didn't you do it the way you want it? Because it's not up to me when they came in from Washington. You know, the millies of the world. They were all toughs, total stiffs, stupid people. They said, they said, they told us how to fight sir. But I said, so what didn't you change it? Did you talk? No sir, we're not allowed to do that. You don't do that in the motor. You take your order. I said, that's a strange. I don't know if that's a good system or a bad. And one way it's good. But in a lot of ways, it's probably bad. I don't know. Yes, sir. I do. So how long would it take? We've been fighting for years and they say it would take five years to get rid of him. How long? We can do it in four weeks. But we can knock him out in four weeks. He said, whoa, you get to understand these guys like central casting. He said he had a drill sergeant that was better looking and tougher than any guy you could ever put into a movie. You know, we've had a couple of them. Have you ever seen where the drill sergeant goes in and he wants to he has these actors. Big name actors and he he's trying to teach them how to become a drill sergeant in the movie is a drill sergeant. And after about five minutes, the actress said I can never do it. It's a different level of toughness. And one movie, what was that great movie that was made where a full metal jacket. You know, that's a very they took somebody from the North Air top drill sergeant, right? Oh, that's good. Stand up by that. Full metal jacket. Right? He was supposed to get the Academy Award. He should have gotten it. But he actually, you know, honestly, he was an acting. But he was unbelievable in that movie. So he was teaching. I don't want to use the names, but big stars. And they couldn't. They were really bad. And then one of the producers came in from one of the big studios, MGM, whatever it wasn't. He saw this guy. He said, do it this way. And he screamed like crazy. They right now I face this far. And he said, I don't think any actor can do that. Anyway, they end up hiring the guy that was supposed to teach. He went through five actors and every one of them was weak and not believable. And he went through five. And then the guy sees it. He said, maybe we could get this guy, but nobody ever heard of me. He was in the military. And it ended up to be one of the greatest movies because of him, largely because of him. And he was supposed to get the Academy Award. But they didn't, you know, because he wasn't part of the establishment to put it to put it mildly. Right? But he was great. How good was that movie? Right? I was doesn't get too much better. That's great. I like that. But now we go in and he says to me, yeah, four weeks. I said, it's always we've been fighting for years, like what, 20 years? He said, no, we can do it. Why is it that it was up there? Well, sir, they wanted to all leave from this major base, but we're very far away by the time the planes got there. They had to come back and refueling them with stuff. But they had to really come back so they'd be over there for about. We can knock them out in four weeks. You get to understand these guys like central casting. He said he had a drill sergeant that was better looking and tougher than any guy you could ever put into a movie. You know, we've had a couple of them. Have you ever seen where the drill sergeant goes in? And he wants to, he has these actors, big name actors. And he's trying to teach them how to become a drill sergeant in the movie is a drill sergeant. And after about five minutes, the actress said I couldn't have it. Because it's a different level of toughness. And one movie, what was that great movie that was made where a full metal jacket? You know, that's a very, they took somebody from the military top drill sergeant, right? Oh, that's good. Stand up. That's good. Full metal jacket. Right? He was supposed to get the Academy Award. He should have gotten it. But he actually, you know, honestly, he was enacting. But he was unbelievable in that movie. He, so he was teaching, I don't want to use the names, but big stars. And they couldn't, they were really bad. And then one of the producers came in from one of the big studios, MGM, whatever it wasn't. He saw this guy saying, do it this way. And he screamed like crazy. They right now guys face this far. And he said, I don't think any actor can do that. Anyway, they end up hiring the guy that was supposed to teach. He went through five actors and every one of them was weak and not believable. And he went through five. And then the guy sees it. He said, maybe we could get this guy, but nobody ever heard of me. He was in the military. And it ended up to be one of the greatest movies because of him, largely because of him. And he was supposed to get the Academy Award. But they didn't, you know, because he wasn't part of the establishment to put it, to put it mildly. But he was great. How good was that, Movera? It doesn't get too much better. That's great. I like that. But now we go in and he says to me, yeah, four weeks, I said, it's always, we've been fighting for years, like what, 20 years? He said, no, we can do it. Why is it that it was a bit, well sir, they wanted to all leave from this major base. But we're very far away by the time the planes got there. They had to come back or refueling them with stuff. But they had to really come back so they'd be over there for about just a short period of time, like about five minutes. And then they have to start heading back because it's a very long flight. And we didn't have any time. And we didn't have the right aircraft. We were sending it wrong. He said, but we have auxiliary bases. We have what we call portable bases. We have portable runways and the desert. Very good. And we get a lot of them, sir. They didn't want to use them because they wanted to be politically correct. I said, so what would you do? I'd use them, sir. And so you tell me you think you can do something in four weeks that these people in Washington couldn't do in five years. And they said five years that we don't know if we could do it. Yes, sir. How sure are you? 100% you'll have time left over. I think you got to be kidding. This was a good trip. The great Tommy Thompson. This was a good trip for me, Tommy, because I said, you know, I didn't expect this result. I said, maybe two years, three years. And he goes, no, sir. So what are you going to do? We're going to get to these bases. We're going to hit him from the left. We're going to hit him from the right. We'll hit him from the east and the west and the north and the south. We're going to come from underneath. We're going to come under the ground. We're going to go over the hedge. We're going to come from so many different. And I can't know what the hell and I'm using the good word because Franklin Graham does not like it when I curse. It's not nearly as good. I keep telling him. I could have used a word that would have shocked the hell out of you. Would have loved it. Then you would have gone home and said, he uses foul language. No, Franklin Graham said, sir, we love your stories. We love you. We love you. But, sir, if you could not use foul language, it would be even better. He's wrong about that. It's not as good. Okay. Not as good. But, not as good. I've had it anyway. And he said, yeah, we'll not come out. And I won't go through the rest of the syrup. But the bottom line was less than four weeks ago. I was unbelievable. And they knocked the hell out of him. And we defeated 100% of the ISIS caliphate, 100% of it. And I tell that sir sometimes because we have actually a great military. And we don't have a woke military. I mean, some of these idiots on top are woke politicians more than they are military people. That's why they got there, frankly, which is a little bit sad. You should get there based on military victory, not because of that. But we have, you could keep these people like that fought for me. So brilliantly, you could put them in a woke cage. We've got a woke cage for two years. Scream out. I'm only woke stuff. And when they come out, they'll say, let's go, you let's go, mega. They'll say, we want mega. They won't be convinced. They won't be convinced. Tommy, they're not going to be woke. I guarantee. I met them. They're not wokesters anyway. So now war or threat of war is raging everywhere. And the two incompetent people running our country or what I don't actually think they've been running it are leading us to the break of World War III. The war like no other. This is what the policies of weakness and appeasement have brought to the world. And as I've been saying for a long time, you know, terrible things can happen. When you have incompetent leadership, really bad things can happen. I mean, is a story that I just told you about how quickly we took out the enemy that we were fighting for 20 years, close to 20 years. You wouldn't trust Joe Kamala to run a lemonade stand anyway. If you were, if your child were running a stand, you know, the way I used to run a lemonade stand and say, mom, outside of my house in Queens, I'd run. It weren't that many people walking in front of the stand, but I ran it. But if I wasn't going to run it, I wouldn't let one of those two run it because it wouldn't have any idea. Like Joe, he was essentially convicted of documents. You know, I was with all the weaponization. I went through years of hell. And I have the President or Richard, the Presidential Records Act, let you do that. But I went through years of this. Well, he had the same thing times 10. And they found him and he didn't have the Presidential Records Act because he wasn't president, right? And so he was guilty. And they said, okay, he's guilty. He's guilty. But we're not going to hold them to it because he's incompetent, right? That's what they said. Essentially, in a little different language, they said, we're not going to hold them to it. So he is guilty. But we don't think he can stand trial. But he's allowed to run our country, but he can't stand trial. I said, what's that all about? But I said, you know what? If that's the only way to get out where they find you incompetent, I said, I'd rather be found guilty. I don't want to be. I don't want that to be happening. I don't want that to be happening. But they weaponized government. It's no surprise that Iran desperately wants Kamala Harris to be president. They endorsed her. I think they actually endorsed her. So did Putin. Putin endorsed her. And he actually endorsed her with a smile on his face. He's going like, no, I think her. He would want her. I don't think you know exactly what to say. He was very interesting, actually. But he did. He said, I want, I think she, because of her, he said because of her experience of experience in losing. Because they know as long as she's in power, they can take advantage of America like never before. And you know, for four years, this country was respected. I was respect. But this country was respected. Victor Orben said, if you bring Trump back, he's the head of hungry. You bring Trump back. There won't be any problems anywhere. We had no problems in there. But that's why they target me. That's why I'm targeted. I got targeted by a lot of Iran and targeted. We know for a fact, but probably others. But they target. They only target consequential presidents. They don't target Joe on the beaches. He sleeps. He sleeps. How do you fall asleep when cameras are raging? Right? You got the paparazzi. You got everybody. He's dead sound asleep. I wish I could have that secret because you know, that's a talent. I wish I could do that. Sleep with the cameras. Tommy, could you do that? I don't think Scott could do that. Right? I don't think so. But if I were in charge today's attack on is you'll never would have happened. All of the things that we're talking about never would have happened, including that botched with roll that made us look so bad. Probably the reason that Russia went into Ukraine. They saw that and they, because it was right after that, they saw that and they said, wow. These people are not what we thought. If I win, we will have peace in the world again at guarantee. We will have peace in the world again. And if Kamala gets four more unthinkable, right? If she gets four more years, the world goes up and smoke. This world will go up and smoke. So we're grateful to be joined today by some tremendous people from Wisconsin. I love Wisconsin. We should win Wisconsin. Will you please make sure? If we win Wisconsin, we win. Right Scott? If we win Wisconsin, we win. It's going to be a big one. And I've done a lot for Wisconsin. The shipbuilding contract, I took such heat from other states. They wanted it. And I gave it to Wisconsin. And they're doing a good job, aren't they? I hear that big, big contract. One of the biggest contract. They're doing a good job, but I took a lot of heat. And the Keystone XL pipeline, I know you had a lot of people involved in that. What a bunch of stupid people to think of it. I rejected Putin's pipeline going through. I had it stopped. And I approved the Keystone XL pipeline, also the Dakota pipeline. By the way, isn't it a nice savvy guy that doesn't need teleprompters to tell this guy? You know, I'm going through all these names. It's not part of my thing. I'm going through all these names. You think Biden could do that? I don't think so. I can't remember. I won't say. I was going to almost say his wife's name, but I didn't want to say that. I almost said, remember when he called his sister, his wife. Some things you can't do. You know what you can't do? I don't want to talk about him because he's gone, so. He's gone, so in many ways. But remember, it's great to be a new Hampshire. And he was in Florida. And you can't make, you know, Winston Churchill was a great speaker. But if you say like, it's great to be in Iowa and it's Idaho, at least that's within the realm. But the Florida stuff you can't do with the palm trees, right? But remember, he did that. And I was saying, you know, if you were Winston Churchill, he was a great order. If you were Winston Churchill and you made that mistake, no matter how good you speak for the, you could speak for two hours after that. It's over, right? It's over. You will never have a successful speech. So, but we're grateful to be joined today by a man who's really incredible. Respected all over. We'll bring him with us. He's just somebody that really poured his guts out for this state and did a fantastic job. He was a great governor. Scott Walker. Scott. Thank you, Scott. And another former governor so respected, he's like the dean. He's the dean. They call him that. And I'll never forget in 2016 I ran and he said, sir, you're wasting your time. You're not going to win Wisconsin. Just, he said, I said, I think I will. I made a speech up there, but place I said, no, he's not going to win Wisconsin. But here's a deal. Remember this. He said, here's a deal. If I think you're going to win, I'll call you back. Otherwise, don't waste your time. Go to Pennsylvania, go to other places that you have to win, which I appreciate. I mean, that's better than like wasting a ton. He said, so you're not going to win it. But if for any reason I see a change, I'm going to call you back and you'll come up and you'll close it up. And he called me about three weeks later. He said, time to come up. You're going to win this day. Right. Tommy Thompson. And we did. That was pretty cool. That was pretty cool. Do you remember that Tommy? That's pretty cool. Most guys say, oh, come up. Come up. You know, don't waste, waste a half a day, even though you can win. It was pretty, I'll never forget that, sir. Get in your plane. Let's go. You're going to win this day. And we did win this day. That was quite a time. Remember that beautiful evening in 2016. That was the greatest. I had a 3% chance. And I said, I have, I just not a 3%. I was getting the biggest crowds at anybody's ever had. By the way, they're much bigger today than they were in 26. Or in 24. But I was getting the biggest crowds. Everything was so. And the fake news had me at 97% chance of losing. And then they have as we started winning Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina all the way up running. It goes from 97 for her. Hillary cricket, Hillary. She suffers serious case of Trump derangements and Trump. Right. But cricket, Hillary. So we go 90. She's got 97. And then it goes. Trump just won Florida 91 86 79. Remember. And then it got to be 50% that it got to be 42% for her. And then that's when that crazy woman started screaming with the glasses. No, no. She was crazy. I wonder what ever happened. She's probably. I just wonder where she is right now. I'd love to find out where she is. She was very famous. The level of craziness with her was incredible. And we did a great job. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We did a great job. We have. We also have a candidate for Congress who's really highly thought of Eric Olson. Eric. Eric. Thank you. Thank you, Eric. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck. I hear you doing really well. Thanks, Eric. Early mail-in and absentee voting in Wisconsin is underway now. Right now as we speak. So don't vote as soon as you can and get out there and do the voting thing. Do it anyway you want. You don't have to vote one way. You can vote another way but just get out there and vote. A lot of people say vote by ballot. Vote by this. You could also go. Doesn't matter. But make sure your vote is counted. We're going to leave nothing to chance and everything on the field. 35 days from now. We're going to win Wisconsin. And we're going to defeat Kamala and we're going to make America great again. Right. Thank you. And I'm asking every citizen to join me in launching sort of a new golden age for America. It's so we're so we're so embarrassed by what's happened over the last four years. It's just a terrible terrible thing. It's interesting though because we had two great elections. The second one being much better than the first hard to believe right. They said what happened I said what we did much better but they say that this one I just asked some of the people in the back that are here working here. They said this one is far stronger than number one or number two and they were good. But this is much and you know the reason I think I think I've changed I don't think I've changed at all. I think what has changed is you know you've got something to compare it to. And you're seeing the most incompetent administration and history. The absolute worst president in the history of our country they rate vice presidents to which he's rated last but he's rated last worst president. Jimmy Carter is the happiest man because Jimmy Carter is considered a brilliant president by comparison. I mean Jimmy Carter need to let 21 million people come into our country without checks without balance without anything from parts unknown from parts of the world that nobody ever even knew existed and they are some of them are rough and we'll talk about that too. But as catastrophic as Kamala's failures are the good news is that we have a plan to fix it and we're going to fix it fast and we have to get these people out all these criminals that are coming into our country and destroying the fabric of our country. And really an extraordinary future is within our grasp we can do it if we don't do it this time I think it's going to be gone so I think it's I'm not even sure you'll have another election this group these group is sick this sick. We can soon have soaring incomes skyrocketing wealth millions and millions of new jobs a manufacturing Renaissance and a booming middle class which is really why I'm here to talk about that's why I'm in this beautiful factory. We can live in cities and towns that are safe and clean and borders that are sealed and secure and America can once again be a nation that is strong and confident and free together we can reclaim our pride our dignity and our glorious American dynasty we could also for our children we can create the American dream again because there is no American dream right now. But only if we make a clean break from the failures of the past four years the worst administration ever and elect a man named have you ever heard of Donald J Trump on November. Thank you very much. Thank you thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. If Kamala Harris gets four more years instead of a golden age America will be condemned to a fate of decline desperation and despair that's what we are right now. Your family finances will be permanently destroyed your borders will be gone forever tens of millions more illegal aliens will invade our cities and towns. You see what's going on with cities and towns all across America they have devastated. Medicare and Social Security will buckle and collapse because these people are going on to your Social Security roles if you can believe it they can speak English they came here illegally and they're destroying Social Security and I will never let it happen and I will I'll tell you I never did let it happen. And I didn't do the rage you know they they want to do and they're going to do no doubt about it a big way of an increase in age and wage because what that means is you're going to go way up in terms of when you qualify so how would you like to say oh wow. I was going to be on Social Security now but I got away to another five six years because of Kamala that's what's going to happen I have no doubt about it that's what's going to happen because it's under tremendous pressure they're signing these people just like they're trying to sign them to vote frankly that's the thing I maybe bothers me more you know there's a reason why they let all these people and because I want to get them to vote that's the reason. So Wisconsin if you want to avoid this miserable fate of that we talk about for your family and for our country and then you have to turn out in record numbers you have to come out in record numbers because she is the worst and we're going to look at her we're going to say Kamala you have been terrible you've done a terrible job you were the worst vice president in history you shouldn't have even had a chance to run for president Kamala you're fired get out of here. Right. The apprentice. She wouldn't have won the apprentice I guess. Now we had much more people than that she wouldn't have won the apprentice. Starting on day one we will end inflation and make America affordable again we'll do that we've got to bring it down. Now biggest problem I mean outside of see the biggest problem to me is always the nuclear problem because that's you know that supersedes everything. But outside of that the biggest problem we have is all of that's what's happened with pricing you can make the same you can make more but if you went up if things cost 50 60 80 100% more than they did four years ago. People that were saving a lot of money are now losing a lot of money they take in the money they saved in this spending so we're going to get those prices down we're going to start with energy but if Kamala is reelected one of her very first act. We'll be too massively raised taxes on all American families you know she's. I never saw a person campaign on tax increases she openly says we're going to campaign on tax increase and she wants to get rid of the Trump tax cuts which were the biggest tax cuts on history. And when you add it together it's the biggest increase in taxes by far in history and they call her in San Francisco the tax queen because she's the tax people a lot. And run the place very badly obviously she's already cost the average family 29,000 with rampant inflation now she's coming back for more with a plan to raise typical family taxes by $2,600 a year. So on top of all of the cost that you have they're not going to go down. They're not going to go down under their plan under my plan they're going to plummet but they're not going to go down she wants the largest small business tax I can history and many people. So in history by far eliminating the small business pass through for tens of millions of small businesses a lot of people don't know what that is what it means is your business is worthless she back to 33% tax hike on US manufacturers and domestic produces which would mean jobs fleeing and prices skyrocketing for American consumers you'll start the whole big inflation. So you know what you saw the other day is they for purposes of politics they gave you a good decrease in interest rate but it's okay because you deserve it the reason they did it though is the economy is terrible and everybody here knows it the economy is terrible and that's why they did it it probably political but they probably did the right thing because the economy is absolutely terrible she wants to drastically raise the death tax you know what that is. You know when the death tax I have a provision if you have a small farmer business you can leave it to your children tax free tax free she's getting rid of that I always say if you don't like your children don't waste your time applauding but if you do does anybody not like their children now if you have a small business you have no estate tax or death tax and if you have if you have children that you love that's a big deal if you have children that you don't care about you don't want to leave many things. Don't waste your time listening but to me I've never had anyone raise their hand I mean there must be some people I've never had I've had big crowds I said raise your hand if you don't like your children I think nobody had the courage to raise their hand but no it's a tremendous thing you know you leave your farm to your children and before I came along they go out that have to borrow money it's valuable but they didn't have cash and that borrow from the bank and the bank would almost always end up taking it over in a disaster. Like a disaster the parents meant well and the kids end up losing it because it taxes very substantial so you don't have that tax to pay she wants to put that tax back that's a big deal and she's pledged to create a brand new wealth confiscation tax or unrealized capital gains which is one that nobody outside the communist countries only communist countries think about it but they don't even do it which would crash the stock market like in 1929 and I'll aid the pensions for a while. I'll aid the pensions for a one case and all of the retirement accounts and millions of middle-class families and seniors on fixed income would be in tremendous trouble if you want your incomes to plummet your network to collapse your tax bills to soar and your jobs to totally disappear that doesn't sound too good. You know, if you want to be a dollar your tax queen she's a big taxer and your taxes are going to go through the roof but if you want Washington bureaucrats to keep their greedy hands out of your pockets and out of your just leave my money alone and if you want to have a tremendous history and legacy and if you want to have a country that's strong and prosperous and great you're going to vote for Trump and we'll turn it around very fast not going to be that easy but different around. See we're lucky because underneath our feet we have more liquid gold than any other country you know that's always been the big thing who has the most energy we have more energy we have more oil and gas under our feet than anybody else more than Russia more than Saudi Arabia. We go to we go to Venezuela to buy it's like they buy it in Venezuela and they use the strategic reserves that you hear the other day they're the lowest they've been in 50 years because they wanted to keep the oil and gas down for the election so they really jeopardize our country because that's meant for war it's meant for big things not to keep your prices down a little bit and it doesn't even matter that much it you lose it so fast because the there's so many cars and it really dissipates it but they just announce that it's the lowest it's been in many many decades and that's really dangerous actually we need that for bad times real bad times. And Kamala's promising the largest tax hikes in American history think when did you ever hear of did you ever hear that's got that we are going to give you the largest tax hikes or the history of our country. You know all my life I've been with sort of I'd like politics and I've never seen people like this they announce that they want open borders they announce that they want men playing on women's boards and they announce that we're going to give you the biggest tax hikes not cuts. When I read the story I thought they made a mistake I thought it was like somebody did a typo cuts instead of hikes and but they are going to deliver you the largest tax hikes in the history of our country like 40% 50% more she said 70 or 80% is okay and you're going to be a big beneficiary of that it's a disaster but I delivered you the largest tax cuts in American history larger than even the Reagan tax cuts as you know. And in my next term we will give you massive tax cuts for workers families and small businesses we're going to go further that's one of the reasons we were able to succeed because we brought taxes down and those businesses thrive you know we did more business we cut the business tax from 39% to 21% everyone said it was impossible and you'll see now I'm cutting it down to 15% but only if you make your product in Wisconsin. Only if you make your product in America how good I've had I've had these guys from Wall Street sharp is how come you where the hell did you get that idea in other words we bring it down to 15 so 21 made is pretty competitive with the rest of the world we're competing with the world but 15 makes you really super competitive but only if you build it here and then you have something that you copied but hasn't we haven't heard from it since. She can't do it she would never be able to do it because they have all this legislation pending so that you could go after people with tips she wanted to go after people with tips we have the opposite we will have no tax on tips no tax on overtime and no tax on social security benefits for us. Remember that and she's not doing that she never will she never will she can't do it you know remember their promise to you know the education was going to get rid of the student loans that didn't work out too well and for the students out there you didn't get it they talked about it for three years they didn't get it and just a wasted a wasted promise I just hope everyone knows you're not getting it because they they never got it they said they were going to get it but I get it. I get 100% of what we want instead of raising taxes on American manufacturers like this one we will cut their taxes from 21% which nobody thought possible to 15% so but only if they make their product here in America and hire American workers for the job. I think it's good idea right and if they don't make their product here then they will pay a tariff in other words if they make their product in another country a competitor their competitors right now you know I have that all going and then we had to take care of the COVID situation we did a great job in COVID never got the credit for that I got credit for military I got credit for economy I got a we did a great job on that and amazing job on that. Nobody knew what the hell it was the COVID came in a gift from China right but we we did but we had to take care of that but we were all set we were doing we already did it with a couple of countries Japan and China and others but we'll take in billions and billions of dollars and use that money to reduce tax burdens on hard work in Americans we're going to use the power of the tariff so that when you open your factory and you start producing and you have your low tax that China and various other not only China don't come in. And still your business away from you like they did prior to Trump and Mexico right now is going to town you know you have big auto plants being built by China and Mexico they think they're going to sell cars make cars by the millions and destroy Detroit and South Carolina lots of other areas that make cars we're not going to let that happen we're not going to let that happen we'll put a tariff on those cars of 100 to 200 percent we're not going to let them I don't know if you heard they're building some of the biggest auto plants in the world right now. They think they're going to make those cars and put them into our country and pay no tax and drive Detroit out of business by the way United Auto Workers did you see where the teamsters endorse Trump the rank and file 61 percent but the United Auto Workers are at 80 percent for Trump because they they are let me tell you they're being sold out by this stupid person they have leading them just like I mentioned in the United States. Just like I mentioned the Keystone pipeline the head of that I don't know if you still there I don't know the head of the union we had 50,000 jobs many of them in this area from this area but we had 50,000 jobs of people all they do is build pipelines and this guy went along with Biden and he induced Biden and the first thing Biden did is cut the Keystone pipeline I had approved was under construction we needed it was very important and but the rank and file was always for us and you'll see that a lot. The rank and file wants us and you have these leaders if you call them leaders they're so used it's almost like by habit or something else you know some other things happened that are very good for them but they endorse the Democrats but the people the workers in this country they want us we're going to put them back to work we're going to have more factories opened here for cars and for other things and it's a very simple thing to do and by the way not so different from what China does if Elon wants to sell cars into China they'll say no but if Elon wants to build cars and sell them to China they say come on over build a plant will even help you build it will finance it will do lots of things but come over and build your plant in China India is another example with Harley Davidson Harley Davidson we know all about that was terrible they're building a massive plant built it in India because India had tremendous India charges tremendous tariffs and I once asked I said how do you do an Indian Indian not good why because we have 152% tariff or something I said so you can't sell right no we can't but they said if we build over there will be fine so they actually went over there they built a massive plant it's not the way it's supposed to work but you know what if they play that game we have to play that game to we have to do the same thing it's a very simple game we want factories to be built in our country not in other countries it's going to happen it's going to happen very fast and we'll be able to bring the auto business to where it was 50 years ago and we're going to bring down your energy cost you know your costs are really high here I don't know what's going on oh that's right he's not governor anymore you have a Democrat I don't know what's going on with energy cost here you're States one of the highest energy we're going to bring down your energy costs from January 20th a day we win it's a day we take office we all take it together we're going to bring them down 50 50% within 12 months and it will be easy easy we're bringing them down 50% because it's crazy that's that's too high and again we have more of it we don't even use it we don't even go for they don't let us take it out environmentally you know to they spend all their time and energy on the green news scam do you ever know though they don't talk about that anymore when was the last time you heard about the green news scam they don't talk about you know why because it doesn't work they wanted 93 trillion dollars the ultimate plan was 93 trillion dollars they wanted to rip down all the buildings in Manhattan those gorgeous buildings with those big beautiful windows and they wanted to rebuild them without windows because without windows is more energy efficient tell somebody you're going to take 40,000 feet of office space but you have no windows this is what they want these people are crazy they're crazy take a look take a look at some of them are actually you got to see the bathrooms that they project for people I can't talk to you about because it's so gross but basically water free bathrooms water free no water this is not good but these people are crazy but the total for the ultimate package is 93 trillion dollars you could get China us and everybody else on the planet and you couldn't afford that in 20 years that there and you know they really heard our country because you can't do anything unless you get the environmental approvals and I'm an environmental so I want clean air and clean water really clean water really clean air beyond that we have to have jobs and we have to have success and we have to rebuild our country Kamala's plan will kill the American dream and make inflation worse than it ever was my plan will bring back the American dream but bigger better and stronger than ever before this was going to happen we're going to happen we're going to do it fast we're just five weeks away from the most important election in the history of our country it is I believe it's the most important election I used to say that in 2016 most important election then 2020 I didn't say cuz we're great we had a great country I almost had a logo remember keep America great but it was CAG I can't keep America great. And I sort of like MAGA much better, MAGA. I don't know if it would have switched. I don't know if CAGA would have played well. When Biden used to go out and say, we've got to stop this group called MAGA. We're going to stop. Remember with the purple background and pink background, we look like the devil, right? We're going to stop MAGA. I said, Joe, MAGA. Make America great again. That's going to be stopped. It's not going to be stopped. It can't be stopped. It's going to be stopped. You don't have a country anymore. Make America great again. That's all it is. I could be having a nice life right now. Nobody would be shooting at me. I'd be in the most beautiful beaches in the world. I'd have that greatest life. Somebody said, if you had it to do again, would you do it? Because I did. I had that greatest life. I have the most beautiful properties in the world. I really believe I do. But I have the most beautiful. I could have had the greatest, nicest, life, none of this stuff. Would you do it again? Absolutely. I would do it because we're doing something with scratchers. It's not even close. It's not even close. All right? It's not even close. Not even close. I could have been right now in Monte Carlo. But I'd rather be in Wisconsin if you were in Australia. Sure. You know, honestly, there are a lot of rich guys that are in different places. But there's only one magout. There's only one group of people like you. There's only one. We're going to all, we're working together. There's only one. This is the greatest movement in the history of our country. And we're going to prove it again. We're going to prove it again in November, February. It really is, it's the greatest. And you don't have to be very careful on a talk because the fake news, if I say something wrong, a little wrong, if I'm 3% off, they'll do headlines. Trump, if they give me panoculars, you know, the panoculars, the Washington Post, they give you panoculars. If you say something perfectly, they give you a panocular, they always find a reason. But if I say anything a little bit out of order, they say, oh, he would. So I have to be very careful. But I will tell you, we're going to do so great with this country and we're going to bring it back. But Maga is the greatest movement in the history of our country. There's never been anything wrong. APPLAUSE You know, you've had some great people. Remember Pat Buchanan? And I think he came in second to New Hampshire. He's a great guy, conservative guy, wonderful guy, I watch him for years, and he has had a career in coming in second in New Hampshire, I think it was, right? He came in second. Any, we won Iowa, we won New Hampshire, we won South Carolina, we won everything. And then we went on to win the election. There's never been anything like this. We won 32 states. And then we did better the second time. But we're going to do better than we ever did this time. I think we're going to do better than we ever did. APPLAUSE And I don't take day off, you know, they all say, are you planning any days off, sir? What would your days off? I said, I'm not taking days off. We have 33 days. I'm out every day. I'm scheduled every single day. I'm not taking days off because we can't. We can't take days off. We have to win. And I've been working a lot of days in a row. I don't know what it is, but we were all over the place. I think we're going to Texas tonight or at the mall. I don't even ask anyone. I get on the plane. I say, watch my next stop. Sir, tonight we're going to Texas. Congratulations, you know. But we're winning big in Texas. We're winning big in Texas. Three days ago, I was in the small town of Prairie, Dushan, Wisconsin. We're an illegal alien member of a savage Venezuelan prison gang from Kamala, who let her in and let them in to the country. And this vicious savage was arrested this month. Good law enforcement up there. I mean, I got to meet the whole group. They're great. But we've arrested this month for holding a mother and daughter against their will and sexually assaulting them and roughing them up like you wouldn't believe you don't want to hear about it. What Kamala is doing to our country is criminal. And it's impeachable. In my opinion, it's totally unforgivable. She's allowing people to come at levels like nobody's ever seen. And the corrupt media is outraged that I keep talking about migrant crime and the migrant crime epidemic. It's the worst thing that's happened to our country in 50 years. They're taking over our small towns and cities that take over our big cities to look at New York, look at Chicago, look at Los Angeles, look at our biggest cities. They can't move. They can't function. The crime is through the roof. And if you fight it, you get indicted. The mayor of New York, you fight it, you get indicted. He was appalled at what was happening. And they indicted him. And I predicted it. I said, he'll be indicted within a year because I saw he was saying, this is horrible. This is horrible for our city. We have thousands and thousands and thousands of people all over the streets. And they're rough people. They're rough people. And I say they come from prisons. They come from mental institutions. They're terrorists. These are tough people. And I'm outraged that Kamala Harris keeps importing. They keep coming. But the other day, too, she's getting killed in the issue. And I think it's maybe the most important. Right now, it may be the most. To me, it's the most important issue. Inflation, we can solve it. Some of the things we can solve. When you let 21 million people in our country, let me tell you, if she's here for four years, she'll have 200 million people in our country. And they will likewise come from prisons and mental institutions. So I'm outraged that over 13,000, exact numbers, 13, 099, convicted illegal alien murderers are now on the list. They allowed to come in over 13,000 murderers. Many of them murdering many more than one person. They're murderers. And they're out there someplace. Who knows? We may have a few in the room. Would anybody like to raise your hand? I don't think of it. 13,000. It's 240,000, very serious. But it's actually 644,000. Major criminals came in with the 21 million people. This is more, if there's a murder, you ever want to have some murderous capes jail. They have a dragnet. They have a big dragnet. They're looking all over every city, every state. They're looking. We got 13,000 people that are worse than any criminal that we've been looking for for a long time. I mean, you have some of these guys have committed 10 murders, 12 murders. Many were on the death chamber. They're going to be executed. They said, why should we execute them? Do you know the money that they're letting all their prisoners out of jail? They're taking all their gang members in town and they're letting them out. Caracas, Venezuela, Crime is down 72%. They're down because they're taking all their criminals and putting them here. I'm outraged at Kamala. Harris freed two illegal alien thugs who assaulted, kidnapped, and murdered a 12-year-old girl named Jocelyn. You know all about Jocelyn. I'm outraged at Kamala, released into America. The predator who murdered Lincoln Riley, beautiful Lincoln Riley. It's going to be a nurse who was at the top of a class. Always was at the top of a class. Beautiful person. A great family, by the way. I'm outraged that she led in this savage who raped and murdered Rachel Moran, Kamala lettering. She murdered him. In my opinion, Kamala murdered him just like she did, just like she had a gun in her hand. I'm outraged on behalf of every American family because remember Kamala was the boy who's a, she was appointed. Now she doesn't want that title, but she had that title for three and a half years. And I'm really outraged when I look at the television screen a few days ago and I see her up there trying to justify how well she did on the border. Words border in the history of our country. And a bad human being, she's a, as you know, she's a Marxist. Her father's a Marxist. She's a Marxist. And we don't want to Marxist and charge you this country. We never want to Marxist and charge. A lot of people don't know what a Marxist is. They said, sir, don't use Marxist. They don't know what it is. You have a good enough. You say, come in, it's with that be easier. We don't need it in this country. We're not going to have it in this country. She's the one and they're the ones that are destroying our country. You remember with the State of the Union speech, I said, we will never be a socialist country. And I have to always be right about something so I was happy in only one sense. We will not be a social, beautiful State of the Union speech. I thought it'd be quite well. Standing of Asians, at least from the Republicans, I got to say, but I standing of Asian, but I said, we'll never be a socialist country. And I was right because they skipped socialism. They went right down to communism. They went right down the skipped. So I was right. So I said, I told you that there would be a socialist guy. I didn't expect that to happen. 425,000 convicted criminal aliens according to ISIS-nually published data and are now free to roam the United States. They're roaming all over the country. They're here, too. You just don't know it yet. You'll find out. Kamala's agenda is bringing death and despair. Kamala and Joe are crime creators. We are crime fighters. We're crime fighters. We will restore light and hope. And I will make America safe again. On day one of my new administration, the invasion ends and the deportation begin. I will stop all migrant flights to Wisconsin and every other state. Can you believe it? They were saying, don't know. We're fighting on the border. We're fighting. You know, they had to. They're not really because they want them to come in. They want them to vote. We're fighting on the border. And then we find out that big Boeing airplanes are flying over with hundreds of thousands of people and dumping them into towns and little cities and states all over the Midwest and all over our country. They're here. They fly in. They're saying how much they're fighting it. And then we learn that they're flying them in. Well, that means that it's a big con job because they're flying them in. They're in airplanes. I will shut down all entries through Kamala's migrant phone app. She's got a phone app. And you know who it's meant for? The cartel heads. The hedge. So the cartel heads call the app. And they tell them where to drop the illegal migrants. This is the administration. It's not even believable. But those people back there, the media, are so corrupt. They don't even want to write about it. They don't want to write about their corrupt. I will send in federal law enforcement to liberate every Midwestern town that has been taken over by migrant gangs and criminal alien thugs. We will send them back. And we will take back our country soon. We will be using local police. With local police, they want it more than I do. They don't want these people, these law enforcement people that we have. You know, almost every single law enforcement group in the United States of America has endorsed me. They don't endorse her. Almost everyone. I just shook hands with a lot of the police. Sir, we endorsed you two months ago, like everyone. We will become energy independent and then energy dominant, like no country has ever been before. We have more than anybody else. And we will bring energy prices, as I told you. We're going to bring them down. 50 percent in 12 months from January 20th, when we take that. And we will terminate the green news scam and spend the trillions of unspent dollars on roads, bridges, real infrastructure, and paying down debt, $36 trillion. Not fake infrastructure that's caused massive inflation and no benefit. You know, a lot of the spending they did, this wasteful spending is a thing that caused it. I think energy caused it number one, what they did with energy. But I think that the spending was a big factor, too. I will settle the war in Ukraine before I even take office. I'll settle this president or that. I met with President Zelensky the other day. I know President Putin very well. I'll get it settled. I will end the chaos in the Middle East and I will prevent World War III. Something nobody else can tell. And we will rebuild our cities, including Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. And we will keep the U.S. dollar as the world's reserved currency. Right now it's under threat. It's under siege. It's horrible. What's going on? If we lose the world's reserve currency, that's like losing a war, isn't it? That would be like losing a war maybe worse in many ways. Then we would be a third world nation. This is how we will end the era of inflation, mayhem, and misery under Kamal and Joe, Biden, Crookit Joe, and only safety, prosperity, and peace for Americans of every race, religion, color, and greed. It's so important we're going to make this country so good and we're going to do it fast. The hardest thing we have to do is solve the crime problem. The crime problem is out of control. It was out of control before the migrant situation, but now it's crazy. Together we will deliver low taxes, low regulations. We will deliver low energy costs, low interest rates, low inflation, and everyone can afford. Everyone's going to be able to afford groceries again, a car again in a home. You can't afford cars. You can't afford home. Interest rates have gone from 2% to 10%. But it's really much higher because at 10%, you can't get any money. So it's obviously not 10%. They say, 10%. They said, you don't get the money. So you have to go higher. We will stop the invasion and migrant crime, support our great police, strengthen our military, build a missile defense shield, which we're entitled to. Keep critical race theory and trends gender insanity, the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. We will defend the Second Amendment. Restore free speech, and we will secure our elections. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day we will be filled with opportunity and hope. We don't have opportunity. We're going to have hope anymore in this country. There's no hope. Your kids, you have beautiful kids, and they don't even know what to do. There's no hope. We're going to bring back spirit. You know what spirit is a word? But we're going to bring back spirit for our country again, and they're going to have lots of hope. And they're going to have that American dream back soon. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris. You know, you can't call a Harris. Nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about. I say Harris has been a horrible vice president. They said Harris. Let's see, Harris. Isn't it funny? The name just doesn't case. So we call it Kamala. But we'll defeat her, and we must stop her country destroying liberal agenda once and for all. She's a radical left lunatic. Remember, early mail-in voting is underway. So vote, vote, vote. You've got to get going. And we want to make this election. You know the expression, too big, too big, too big to rig. Because at a certain size, I can't do it. I'm going to say, oh, this is tougher than we thought. I know because they have no shame. On November 5, we will save our economy. We'll save our country. It will go down as the most important day in the history of our country. We will rescue our middle class. We will reclaim our sovereignty and restore our borders. And we will put America first. We will put it first always. We will make America powerful again. We'll see it again. Healthy again. Health again. Strong again. Proud again. Safe again. Free again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Wisconsin.