# Donald Trump full speech at campaign rally in Wilkes-Barre, PA (Aug. 17, 2024)
# Channel: WFAA
# Upload Date: 2024-08-18
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2ACEVWKaCs
# Language: en
# Extraction Method: youtube_api
# Confidence: 100.0%
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 09:49:36

================================================================================

Uh,
thank you very much, Pennsylvania. I love
Pennsylvania.
Ah, thank you very much. Thank you.
I really give a very big hello to Pennsylvania.
It's great to be back in this beautiful commonwealth
with thousands of proud, hard working American patriots, which is what you are
think of this. Who would believe this 80 days from now, we are going to defeat
a communist known as Kamala Harris,
most radical left person ever to run for office. This is not what this country needs.
We've had enough of them.
We're going to win back the White House and we're going to take back our country.
Kamala Harris is a super left liberal who ruined San Francisco,
ruined a California and delivered a badly broken
economy, a badly broken border
which gave us a dangerous world of chaos, death and destruction.
Just take a look at what's happening today.
We were a respected country now, the whole world laughs at us. We're a bunch of
foolish people to have allowed this to happen, but we're going to bring it back.
We're going to bring it back very fast.
We'll close up the borders, we'll drill baby drill.
We're gonna do things that are gonna be very good.
Very good, very fast. It will happen very quickly
but she breaks everything that she touches.
But soon we are going to fix every single problem. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden.
Crooked, Joe
have what happened to Biden.
I was running against Biden all of a sudden, I'm running against somebody else.
It's true.
You know, it's interesting.
I said, who am I running against Harris? I said, who the hell is Harris? You don't know
who the hell is Harris?
You know, she was the first one out last time. She was the first one to lose.
And now all of a sudden she's running, she never got a vote.
They are a threat to democracy. Remember that
starting the day I take the oath of office,
I will rapidly drive prices down and we will make America affordable again.
We're going to make it affordable again
under Kamala Harris and crooked Joe Biden.
The American dream was dead and it is dead. It's dead as a doornail.
They'll never bring it back unless we win.
If we win, we're going to have the American dream alive.
All for your beautiful Children. Your grandchildren
will have the American dream. We will be back with us
h radical liberal policies have caused horrific inflation,
decimated the middle class and gutted the
finances of millions of American families.
And you know what I'm talking about because everybody in
this room has been devastated by what they've done.
They have no idea. They're grossly incompetent people.
Real incomes are down by over $2000 a year. Think of that
minimum and ours up
five times that amount, more than five times that amount.
Her price hikes have cost the typical household a total of $28,000.
And that's called the
Kamala Harris
inflation tax. She was there for everything. You know, when she sits and complains,
hey, look, look,
Joe Biden hates her. OK?
Hates her.
You don't mind if I go off teleprompter for a second, do you,
Joe Biden hates him.
This was an overthrow
of a president. This was an overthrow.
They went out
and I spent $100 million fighting Joe Biden.
They told him he couldn't win.
His debate performance wasn't the best ever,
but they said mine was the best ever.
But they said his debate performance was
I look forward to debating her. By the way,
she'll be easier. She'll be easier than him.
Her policies are so bad.
Her policy. Remember her father
was a Marxist economic professor. He was a Marxist and avowed Marxist.
This is not what we want in this country
and think of it. Does anyone here feel richer under Kamala Harris and Crook
is anything less expensive under
Kamala Harris or crooked?
No, it's been, it's been devastating.
Inflation.
Inflation has been devastating under this
group of people that have no idea what the hell they are doing. Are you better off with
Kamala and Biden than you were under President Donald J Trump.
I don't think so.
You know, they do polls on this stuff and I'm like, 93%.
I said, so why are we having an election?
They didn't have an election? Why are we having an election?
How would you like to be Biden?
He's working, he's spending money. He's trying,
they wanted to have a debate. That's the thing that started it all. You know,
if I didn't debate him, he'd still be running right now.
But I believe she will be easier to beat
than him
because she is a truly radical left lunatic
and with him, he never really believed it.
Of course, I don't know if he knew anything, you know, I'm not sure,
but he didn't really believe it. She totally believes it.
She wants to destroy our country
with four more years of commonly, your finances will never recover.
They will only get worse. They are only going to get worse, the stock market
and, and you have some of the most brilliant people on Wall Street saying this,
the stock market is only up because they think I'm going to win.
And if we don't win, according to many people,
including one of the greatest Wall Street
prognosticators, they
Scott
Besant.
Has anyone heard of him? One of the most brilliant guys on Wall Street.
If I don't win, you will have a 1929 style, depression. Enjoy it.
I believe that.
I believe that.
I believe it.
A lot of people believe it.
So we're not going to give them the chance. Ok, we're not going to give them
and your state is going to be ruined anyway. She's totally anti
fracking.
She's been anti
fracking and anti drilling, anti oil and gas
from practically the day she was born all of a sudden a couple of months ago, she said,
oh, I'd love to have fracking now.
She won't have fracking vote Trump and your incomes will soar.
Your savings will grow.
Young people will be able to afford a home and we will bring back the American dream.
Bigger
that we are going to bring it back.
Bigger, better,
front roo
bigger,
better and stronger than ever before. We're going to bring it back.
Look at all these front row shows over here. They've only been,
you know, we have a couple of groups here.
They're at about 222
events. Front row shows, stand up, wave your hands here. You guys are
great
patriots.
But I have another group
from a
place called North Carolina. Has anybody ever heard of?
We love North Carolina.
The beautiful ladies over there.
This is number
what,
217.
So this is number 217.
And supposedly they're happily married. How the hell does that work? Look at them.
They are beautiful and they, oh, there's a husband are you a husband?
Who are you married to husband?
Oh, that was a wise choice. Beautiful. Very nice.
How do you handle it? Right. How do you handle? But they're great women.
And they've been with us from the very beginning.
They were with us from the beginning in 2016
when we had the four greatest years this country has ever had.
They were with us. And thank you very much, North Carolina.
We're doing well in North Carolina.
Thank you, darling.
It's nice to not have to travel to California and other places. Right
yesterday,
Kamala laid out her so called economic plan.
She says she's going to lower the cost of food and housing starting on day one
but day one for
Kamala
was 3.5 years ago.
So,
why didn't she do it then?
So this is day
1305. We're at 1305.
So, why isn't she doing it now? Why doesn't she
get away from her nice little place with her wonderful husband,
go to Washington and do it now. You can do it right now.
Why did she go to the convention? Because it's a rigged convention. Obviously,
she got no votes. He had 14, you know,
sleepy Joe had 1414 million votes.
She got no votes. She failed. She was the first one out.
She failed. She never got to Iowa.
Great State, Iowa. We're going to win it big.
The farmers love Trump and I love the farmers,
but she never got to Iowa. She was the first one to quit
and now she is running for president. I don't know somebody,
somebody is going to have to explain our system
to our many, many enemies all around the world. They are watching the same.
This place
doesn't make a lot of sense anymore.
Everything Kamala Harris says is her speeches
is a lie. You know, she gets up and just,
I
was watching her yesterday. She talked about all the taxes I was going to raise.
I never said that I am. I'm lowering taxes
yesterday.
She got up,
she started ranting and raving that Donald Trump wants to put a tax on gasoline,
a tax on food, a tax on medication, a
tax on clothing, a tax on every single thing that was ever invented.
You had, he is going to attack
you sure he's gonna attack, he's gonna attack your wife. He's gonna
tax your husband.
And I'm saying I never said any of that.
They make it up.
I mean, here's the truth.
Kamala wants to put massive taxes on American jobs and American industries.
I want to cut taxes on Americans while putting tariffs on China
and foreign countries to bring our jobs back home to
Pennsylvania and to take in billions and billions of dollars.
And I'm the only one that ever took in any money from China. China was
really hitting us hard, ripping us apart. That means many, many
presidents. And what happened is I put a tariff on, then I raised the tariff.
We took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China
and Biden can't, it's so much money.
He's trying to rescind it
for a couple of reasons. Number one, he got a lot of money from China.
Like, didn't he get 3.5 million, 4 million
that they know of?
But he got a lot more than that. His family made a lot of money with China.
He wants to get rid of the tariff but he can't, because there's so much money,
they can't do anything with the budget.
A tariff is a tax on a foreign country. That's the way it is. Whether you like it or not.
A lot of people like to say, oh, it's a tax on
us.
No, no, no. It's a tax on a foreign country.
It's a tax on a country that's ripping us off and stealing our jobs.
And it's a tax
that doesn't affect our country.
And you can see hundreds of billions of dollars of tariffs on other
countries also. I took in hundreds of billions
and nothing happened to us.
They make less money and you know what, our jobs come back because there is no tax.
If they build their factory in Pennsylvania,
there is no tax if they build their factory in the United States.
So what do they do in order to avoid paying the tax.
They say let's build the place over here. No tax. Come on over. We love it.
Just hire our people. That's all you have to do. It's very simple,
you know, as we speak.
And this really goes to Michigan more than you.
But I look at Michigan and South Carolina,
a lot of other places that do the auto stuff and
they are building some of the biggest auto
factories in the world right now in Mexico,
right off our border.
They think they are going to make cars,
not pay any tax and sell those cars into the United States. Not going to happen.
Not with me. They are building some of the biggest auto plants in the world
and you know, who owns those auto plants? They're built, they're made
and being built in Mexico. You know, who owns them?
China owns them.
China is very smart.
I had a good relationship with President Xi when COVID came,
that was the end of that relationship.
But,
but I had a very good relationship but we
took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China.
Think of it. Bush
Barack Hussein,
did you ever hear of Barack Hussein? Obama? Have you heard of her?
There are those that think he is currently running the country. Does anybody think?
I don't know. I don't know that that's true.
We know it's not Biden.
Every attack
Kamala makes on us is a fabricated
Sallie.
She's sort of a bad storyteller.
She doesn't know how to tell a story very well, but she gets caught,
she gets caught up in her own words.
She's not,
she's not a very good words, Smith.
They say, I don't know,
we're going to find out we're going to have a debate at some point.
They gave me
the worst network
to me is ABC worse than NBC, worse than CBS. Worse than CNN.
The home of George
Sloops,
a nasty guy.
I said George, I've had you up to here.
So
there is a nasty guy. They hate it.
And yet when he interviewed Biden, like two weeks ago, he interviewed Biden,
it was like the nicest interview.
What flavor ice cream. Do you like?
Georgia? I, I tend to like vanilla very much
with me. They get into a lot of subjects that a lot of people don't like talking about,
but ABC is the worst
and that seems because they won't do it on Fox.
They have turned down the Fox. You know, I have,
I have approved three debates.
They've approved one,
the only one they've approved it was their
network and now it came out in the New York Times of all places
that the head of the news and the head of the whole thing practically
is Kamala and her husband, lovely husband, best friend,
her and her husband are best friends with
Kamala and her husband
and
I'm supposed to do the debate. But, you know, with Biden.
They thought I wouldn't do it. So they offered me something that I couldn't accept.
They said,
uh, the debate is at CNN
in front of no audience. So far. So, so far, I'm over two
and I see they didn't want to do the debate.
That would have been a good idea if they didn't do it.
But I was going to accept anything.
Then I guess we'll do it here too. Right.
We'll accept anything because otherwise she's not gonna debate.
She doesn't want to debate.
But they said CNN
and no audience. And we want to have you sit down, I objected to that.
They wanted us sitting behind the desk. I said, give me a break.
We have to at least stand for the American public. Wouldn't that be nice?
So that was the only thing.
And I would have done it if they insisted.
No, I would have sat down if they insisted.
But I thought it was sort of a little strange,
but I had Dana Bash
and I had fake tapper. But I have to tell you
they were very fair. I really thought they were very fair. So,
Jake
and Dana,
nobody knows how to say her first name. Is it Dana or Dana? Nobody knows
it's been going on for 20 years. She's been around a long time. Is it Dana
or Dana?
And now the fake news will say Trump didn't know how to pronounce her first name.
She doesn't know how to
pronounce
but look.
But
Dana
and Jake,
I used to call him fake tapper.
Now I call him Jake Tapper because he treated us very fairly. And so did Dana
treat me very fairly.
I think it was, you know,
just about neutral.
But he kept saying, uh,
you know, he gave very short answers
because he wasn't really doing too well
and I kept saying I'll take it.
But what happened, sir? You have 92 seconds left. This is not what he wanted to hear,
right? David. They said you have 92 seconds left, gonna be your next senator.
I'll tell you, David
MC.
I hope you can vote for him. I hope you vote for him.
I hope you vote for me.
He's a great gentleman, great hero actually, in many ways, he's a great guy.
But
so they gave me this thing and they assumed I was gonna
turn it down.
So I have the wrong network. I have the wrong anchors.
I have no audience. I like an audience. I love people. You know,
it's often times a mistake,
everything was wrong.
So what we'll do is we'll offer him this thing that he can't accept,
he won't accept it.
And then we will say
Trump didn't accept the debate.
He is afraid to negotiate against Biden because Biden is so sharp, you know,
he is so sharp, he's sharp like a razor.
So,
but I, I surprised them.
I said,
I'll take it,
I'll take it.
And people said,
are you crazy? I said, look, it's the only way you are going to debate.
If we do anything else, they are not going to accept it.
And these people are the same way
they offered me, we, we were supposed to have Fox on September 4th
and they said,
no, I accepted it.
I don't even know what's going to happen because I have accepted it. They haven't.
So, maybe they show up, maybe they don't.
But I think it's sort of on for September 4th, but I don't think they are going to come
and then we go when we do the debate with, uh, with ABC.
ABC again, I call it ABC fake news so bad.
They are so bad. They are so dishonest, in my opinion, very dishonest people,
but I find them to be the worst and I, I really, I am a professional at this, you know,
because I watch, who treats me the worst now, NBC is horrible.
CBS is horrible.
They are all horrible. These are horrible human beings but who treats me the worst.
ABC. Fake news treats me the worst.
And that's where they want it
where
her best friend
and it just came out the other day.
Nobody told anybody about this is the head of the whole deal. Right.
But I'll probably say
I'll take it
because you know what? They are not,
they are not going to do a debate
but just remember
these are phony, fake, disgusting people that hate our country. Remember that?
And also remember that every attack that we make on
Kamala
is something that she said on tape or something that she's actually done.
You know, all of these attacks
are things because she said all of it.
She said, I don't want fracking in Pennsylvania. She said it hundreds of times.
I don't want it anywhere.
We were then a couple of months ago when
the polls are showing that she's getting clobbered.
Well, actually nobody actually thought
they were politically correct.
They want to be politically correct because they wanted, you know,
they had 11 different people
and they put her name to be number 12 and they had a vote.
She came in last. So she picked somebody
think of it. How about the guy? She picked? How bad is he?
Right. How bad is that guy,
David? Where did these people come from?
You know, he recently signed
a bill
in a state that I love
but a state that hasn't been won by a Republican
because it's a corrupt state.
But the people are not corrupt. The people are great since 1972.
Has it been one think of that?
And I thought we won it twice. I said there's no way we lose Minnesota.
But he signed a bill
for
all
young men's bathrooms and men's bathroom have to be equipped
with a tampon selling machine
and she turned down
your governor, by the way, just so, you understand.
I know some of you probably like him.
I don't think he's a good person.
I don't think he's good.
I don't think he is good,
but they turned him down
because he is Jewish. Ok. That's why they turned him down. Now.
We can be politically correct
and not say that.
I could say, well, they turned him down for various reasons.
No, no, they turned him down because he is Jewish. That's why they turned him down.
And I will tell you this,
any Jewish person
that votes for her
or a democrat
has to go out
and have their head examined
because if you see what's happening with Israel and Jewish people right now,
there has never been,
there has never been a
more dangerous time since the holocaust.
If you happen to be Jewish in America, there's never been anything like it.
I'm seeing things, I can't even believe it
and we want to bring about unity and peace and everything else. It looks like the, uh,
it looks like they're gonna have nothing but riots out there in Chicago.
It's, uh,
it's really a sad thing but they turned him down for that reason
and they turned him down for a couple of other reasons too.
But the primary reason was that he is Jewish
and you don't think I know what goes on in that campaign. I know it.
Well, I know it very well.
She is a nation wrecker who is more liberal than crazy Bernie Sanders, you know.
Crazy Bernie. He's pretty bad. Right. She is substantially more radicalized
then. Crazy Bernie. You cannot have her as your president.
She ruined San Francisco. She ruined the state of California.
You know, she was a district attorney and she was the
attorney general of the state.
I heard the other day and this isn't anything I'm just
saying. They say he was rambling. I don't ramble.
I really smart guy, you know, really smart.
I don't ramble.
But
the other day,
any time I hit too hard, they say he was rambling, rambling.
You know, I get up and, and make a speech.
I go for sometimes two hours, 2.5 hours because, you know,
people are waiting outside for three days, four days.
You guys were waiting out there for a long time. Front row Joe are waiting.
I don't know how you guys do it.
And I feel I have an obligation to
speak and speak in a certain way
and speak a little bit longer. You know, how would you like it? A
guy is waiting with his family for 3.5, 4 days.
They have a tent
and the tent is set up. They have hundreds of them
and they wait
and then I walk in, speak for 15 minutes and leave. I don't know somehow.
Would that be ok north Carolina. I don't think so. Right.
They want me to speak all day.
You know, when I leave,
I did 12 hours and 15 minutes and I'm leaving
and they're screaming. No, sir, more. We want to hear more.
I, I can't speak more. What the hell else am I going to say?
Our country is going to? Hell,
we are a nation in decline.
You know, we were talking about that before
my phrases are copied so much, right?
I use, I use the term
often times in closing,
we are a nation in decline.
We are a failed nation.
And I think it's a beautiful phrase, although I don't like the topic very much.
I don't like what it represents. But there is a certain beauty
all of a sudden, all of these candidates including Republicans
are saying we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation.
And I say, you know,
what the hell do they have to copy me for? Right?
But they have a lot of words that they copy many of our words.
We were in the plane before coming in and our people said
we went through a list. I think we are going to release a list. Let's release it.
But so many of our phrases they copy. I should be
really, that should be a nice thing, not an insult
but crazy. Bernie Sanders has said a lot of things
and one of the things he is arguing about is who is more liberal.
And after about two minutes he gave up, he said this woman is nuts. Look,
people say be nice.
Have you heard her laugh?
That is the laugh of a crazy person.
That is the laugh of
a crazy,
the laugh of a lunatic.
Have you heard it?
You know, they prohibited her,
they prohibited her for laughing. I, I,
you know, I've been waiting for her to laugh because as soon as she laughs,
the election is over,
but we're winning by a lot in Pennsylvania. I think the fracking gutter,
the fracking,
but she has been prohibited from laughing. You know, she used to do an interview.
This
is who the hell laughs at an interview like that.
You know, I'm interviewed all the time. I may smile.
I mean, they're asking you questions about things that it's not really,
it's not like a comedy club
and
she would break out.
That's one of the reasons she refuses to do interviews I think because she laughs.
It's so horrible.
No, it's so horrible.
But,
you know, she hasn't done an interview like in 30 days or something like that.
And I do one every day.
If I pass,
I
just did one backstage.
I just did one backstage
with a very good reporter.
But you're supposed to, don't you sort of have an obligation?
You know, you're running,
they're going to try. This is her form of the basement.
Now, the basement for him was good because, you know, they had COVID,
they didn't want him to catch COVID.
He ended up catching it anyway. But,
uh,
you know, it's very dishonest.
The whole system is very dishonest,
but she should be at least talking to the press and she doesn't,
she hasn't done anything
but she's prohibited from laughing. They said your laugh is horrible.
Never laugh ever. So, she's walking around with her mouth, like almost sealed shut.
She won't laugh. I want her to laugh
and then we'll just claim victory.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to thank you very much.
But we have a, a little video that we just put up. Would you like to see it?
Go?
Just
one.
Yeah, I am radical.
You need to get radical about what we are doing and take it seriously.
As President of the United States,
I am prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a green movie.
There's no question I'm in favor of banning fra
we have to have a buyback program and I support a mandatory buyback program.
I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance.
Let's eliminate all of that.
But what do you support changing the dietary guidelines?
You know, the food.
Yes, reduce red meat specifically. Yes, I would
raise your hand. If go,
if your government plan would provide coverage for undocumented immigrants,
where do you stand on defund the police?
This whole movement is about rightly saying we need to take a look at these budgets.
Harris asserted that Ice is perceived as the modern day Ku Klux Klan.
Are you aware that there's a perception we know?
Are you aware that there's a perception, Ice in the same category as the KKK?
Is that what you're asking me? I see. No,
I'm
not.
I see none.
And yeah, I am radical. We need to get radical about what we are doing
now over the years and right up until the present,
she wanted to openly defund the police. How do you like that
in
Minnesota when they were burning down the state
and in particular
Minneapolis, they were burning it down. Remember the CNN fake reporter?
He got up the one with the nice shaved head.
He got up.
This is a peaceful rally. This is a rally of love behind him. The entire
city was burning, it looked like World War Two, right?
And by the way, speaking of World War Two,
she will bring us into World War Three and it will be a war
that will be a war like
never before because of the weaponry.
No more army tanks going back and forth shooting.
We have left a lot of our, you know,
I rebuilt the entire military and we left a lot of that in
a place called
Afghanistan. You know, that billions and billions of dollars.
We left it in the most embarrassing
moment
in the history of our country. We left
billions of dollars, 13 great soldiers killed. Think of it
left many hostages. Many people have been left behind.
But think of what happened there.
We got out in disgrace. We should have gotten out with strength. I was getting out.
We would have been out even sooner. But strength dignity. We would have kept Bagram
the big airbase,
you know who occupies Bagram right now China because it was
one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons,
not because of Afghanistan, but because of China,
but China
occupies it right now.
Thank you very much,
President Xi enjoy our billions of dollars
of construction that took place years ago.
They spent billions of dollars many years ago.
One hour away, think of that where they make their nuclear weapons.
Uh It's so embarrassing,
the stupidity of the people that have run our country.
But we did things the opposite way.
We were very smart, we were very respected,
we are respected country that respected your,
your leader, elected leader. But remember this,
Viktor Orban of
Hungary, Prime Minister of Hungary,
they asked him pretty recently. They said, what's going on?
The world is coming to an end? He said, if you want to stop it,
reelect
the United States reelect Donald Trump because when he was there,
we didn't have any problems, we didn't have problems.
Russia wouldn't have happened with Ukraine.
Israel would have never been attacked on October 7th. Never.
You know, Iran was broke
Iran was broke.
They had no money. They, I told China you buy oil from them, you can't deal with us.
I told that to many countries, anybody that dealt there so they didn't buy oil.
Oil is the whole thing. The big deal.
And they were broke now they have $300 billion. Think of it.
They have $300 billion. Now, they have plenty of money.
We're run by stupid people and we have to change it.
Oh, we're not going to have a country left. We're not going to have,
we didn't let countries take advantage of us.
France was going to charge our corporations
tremendous amounts of money for doing business in France. You know, this David.
David is very familiar with what happened.
And I went to my people, I said, tell them we are not going to put up with it.
They are not going to charge our companies because we want
our companies to do well so they can employ people.
It's sort of simple.
I didn't even like a lot of the companies that they were dealing with.
I should have said, oh, great. Let them charge. What the hell do I care?
But they are American companies. And I said to
Emmanuel Macron, I said, call him because my people failed to make a deal.
I said, you make a deal. You have one week, come see me at the end of a week.
They came to see me good people, smart people,
very smart people. Secretary of Treasury, smart guy mnuchin. Others.
They came back to see me,
sir, was unable to make a deal.
They're going to charge our companies a tax.
I said, no, no, they're not going to do it. You don't understand.
They're not gonna do it.
Come back and see me. You have one more day. They came back, sir, they won't do it.
They've already passed it in their so called legislature.
We're not gonna do it. They're not going to be able to stop it, sir.
I said we'll stop it. Get,
get Emmanuel Macron on the phone. I got him on the phone. Emmanuel. How are you?
So nice to talk. Oh, Don
Don.
It is so nice to speak to you. It is it beautiful?
I wish I had his accent. I would have been president 20 years ago.
But I said, Emmanuel,
I understand you're charging our
companies a lot of money. Oh,
well, you know, this has been in the works for many years, Donald. And
yes, it is done. It is really done. There's nothing we can do about it.
I said, ok, good.
Emmanuel. Here's the story.
If you don't get rid of that tax within 24 hours starting on Monday morning,
it was a Friday.
I'm gonna charge every bottle of wine and champagne that you send into our country.
I'm gonna charge you a tariff of 100% on every bottle
and you will not be sending too many bottles of champagne and wine.
And he said, Don Donald,
that is not fair.
That is not fair. I said no, no,
it's not fair for you to be charging
American companies to do business in your country.
No, it's not fair. Emmanuel
Emmanuel get back to me in five minutes and let me know.
He called me back in two minutes.
He said, Donald,
we have decided that we will not be
charging you any taxes for the American government.
So
I did so many of them.
I did so many. I could stand up here all day and tell you different stories.
I, I just use the telephone, I could stop the war with the telephone.
I could stop what's happening in the Middle East with a couple of telephone calls.
Properly played.
Horrible,
horrible, horrible, horrible. We have, we have people that are,
they, they are babies in many ways. I guess they are stupid.
You know, people say, please don't use bad language.
Please don't call people stupid. They are stupid people.
How else do you describe it?
I want to use a different word. Highly, a
more sophisticated word than stupid, but there is no word. It's a perfect word.
They are stupid people.
I think they are also, by the way, if I might, they are also corrupt.
They really are, they are corrupt. They get a lot of money from
a lot of people.
We're not going to let this socialist lunatic and she is a socialist lunatic.
That's the other thing,
please, sir.
Please don't call her a lunatic.
I said, but that's what she is. She's a lunatic.
She's a lunatic.
She's gonna destroy our country
and she is going to break our economy even more than it is broken.
We have a broken economy.
Our supply chain is gone.
You know, you order something now,
I don't know how many of you are in business
or even if you are ordering as a personal order,
the order doesn't come, the supply chain is broken.
Whoever thought of it, we never even talked about supply chain.
Supply chain just worked.
And because of what they've done, they've broken our supply chain
on election day. We are going to tell her that we've had enough. We said
Kamala, you are a horrible vice president.
You're going to be a horrible president. We're not gonna take it anymore.
Kamala, you're fired, get out of there, you're fired,
not gonna take it anymore.
Kamala,
we're not gonna take it anymore.
We have a country to save
and how about the fake news? Oh, look at them all back here. Look at all those cameras,
look at all those cameras.
Wow,
look at all those cameras, all those fake writers, look at them.
I mean Time Magazine. Think of this
time magazine
doesn't have a picture of her.
They have this unbelievable artist drawing her
and I said, is that
Sophia Lauren? I couldn't,
who might that be?
Is that Elizabeth Taylor? They say she was a beautiful woman.
Who is it? It's so beautiful drawing. It's a drawing.
They took a lot of pictures that didn't work out. So they hired
a sketch artist.
I said,
I'm sure they must be celebrating the
great life and times of the magnificently beautiful
Sophia Lauren.
And you're not allowed to say this anymore.
You know, David don't ever get caught in this trap. David, please
don't ever call
a woman beautiful because that will be the end of your political career. Please.
I want to make your life much easier. David,
by the way, he's also got a great wife. I have to say he's got a great wife.
But you know,
I mean, I read a,
a so called Republican who Ronald Reagan didn't like
by the way and she didn't like him,
but she got credit for being this Reagan speechwriter
highly overrated.
I don't know anything about her. I don't know her treats me badly, but that's ok.
She called it wrong. She's called it wrong now for
about eight years. But she said one thing that got me,
she said, Kamal has one big advantage.
She's a very beautiful woman.
She's a beautiful woman.
So I decided to go back and reread the clause. I'm not saying he's,
but I say that I am much better looking than her. I think I'm
much better
much better.
I'm a better looking person
than
Kamala.
No, I couldn't believe it. She said, you know, I had never heard that one.
They said no, her biggest advantage is that she is a beautiful woman. I'm going,
ah,
I never thought of that.
I'm better looking than she is in her speech yesterday.
Kamala went full communist. You heard that she went full communist?
She wants to destroy our country
after causing catastrophic inflation.
Comrade Kamala
announced
that she wants to institute socialist price controls.
You saw that never worked before, never ever worked.
This is the Maduro plan, Venezuela, Maduro plan
of like the old Soviet Union. This is they tried it. How did the Soviet Union work out?
It became Russia smaller version.
It was a smaller version.
It will cause rationing hunger and skyrocketing prices just like their
inflation reduction act. Cause one of the great scams of all time.
They got it approved with a beautiful name,
inflation reduction because inflation under their
system has been so bad.
It's gone up much more than 50%.
You know, they say 30 40 50 much more people are being devastated.
They're being devastated
but it's gone way up,
way up
and they made a big mistake
yesterday. In her speech, I think she said I, I had to play it back.
You know, I love the playback controls. You have nowadays they used to call it tivo.
Now they have tivo all the
I think it's the single greatest invention.
It's better than television
because television would drive you crazy if you could do a playback.
Right now, I can't play back.
I heard the statement and I heard that
statement that she made
and I said, you know,
she made a statement yesterday
that from her time in office, essentially,
prices have gone up by 50%. Something like I said, did she just say that?
I said that speechwriter is going to be fired.
In fact, we took that section and we actually made a commercial
on it
and we got the best commercial of the week
and we didn't do anything. We just played her back.
But here is the problem. The things that she said yesterday don't work.
They have never worked.
They have never been used many times before.
In many other countries, they have never worked, they have just never worked.
They have been used
often times many countries and in every single event,
it ruined those countries. It's a communist system.
It's what her father a Marxist, he was a Marxist.
It's what her father taught her from a young
girl growing up.
She's promising to hand out things she can't deliver, she can never deliver them,
she will never get them approved.
Just like when she and crooked Joe tried to give away student debt.
Remember she wanted to pay? How did that work out? Not too good.
The students are saying I love him because of student debt, but he got rejected
and this will be rejected even more. So because what they are doing is
a communist takeover of our country.
Her plan is very dangerous because it
may sound good politically and that's the problem
and we have to be very careful
because when somebody gets up and says we are
going to give you everything 25,000 for a house,
we're going to give you all sorts of little goodies, free health care.
We're going to give you everything, universal health care sounds so beautiful.
And I told my people, you got to be very careful.
I told the Republican Party you have to be very careful.
She's given all this away and somebody that really isn't into it.
You know, we are largely even groups like this,
we're into it. We think about it all the time.
We want to take back our country, we want to save our country
when somebody is given. And you understand how bad this stuff is.
This is communist, this is Marxist, this is fascist,
but you know what?
It's dangerous
because she's saying that she's going to give away
things that she'll never be able to get approved.
She wants to increase the number of justices of the United States Supreme Court
to 27
26.
I used to hear she was going up to 11
and then I heard it was 13, but then they said that's an unlucky number.
So they went to 15 yesterday for the first time I heard
27 will have to rebuild the entire Supreme Court
because they won't have enough room for the judges.
They won't have enough. And by the way,
how courageous were our justices of the United States Supreme Court?
What they did,
they are saving our country.
They are actually saving our country.
What they've done is, I mean, they passed things that were so important
and they did it
for the right, not for the wrong, they did it for,
they did the right thing. They did the right thing. And
I, I just have such respect for the job they've done
against. And you know,
the radical left plays the ref you know, the great Bobby Knight. He supported me.
He used to fight with the referees all the time. Scream at him. Bobby Bobby.
Please don't do that.
It's not gonna work. He said you're right. It's not gonna work. Now.
It's going to work for the next one and the next call
it would be a flagrant f
and they wouldn't call it. They didn't want to get screamed at
the radical left,
harasses our judges and harasses our justices.
They scream at him, they call him names.
They say they are incompetent. They are horrible.
They are this, they are that they should be impeached.
They are constantly saying they should be impeached
but they are screaming and you know what?
It has an effect on some people, but so far
they've been very strong.
It's really horrible. I believe it's illegal what they do.
And it's a, it's a,
I'm trying to give you things that you've never heard before. And this is true.
I believe they are playing the ref,
they are constantly
criticizing
our great, some of our greatest justices and a lot of great
judges, you know,
I kept hearing so much about the Florida case because, you know,
they weaponized our system,
our government totally weaponized the first time it's ever happened.
And they said my biggest case is in Florida, Florida, Florida.
We had a very brilliant,
I don't know
the judge
but a fair
and very brilliant judge who took tremendous abuse
would have been so easy for her to just rule against me.
But she didn't do that. She ruled, she threw out the whole case, it was thrown out.
That was a big case
and
I have such respect for her
because she is in fact brilliant.
But they were hitting her so hard. She's going too slow.
She's that she should be removed immediately from all these people are horrible.
I really think,
I really think it's illegal what they do with judges and justices.
They're playing the ref no different
then, Bobby Knight and he was great. He endorsed me and Indiana was mine.
He was a great coach.
He is the last coach to go undefeated, I guess he was like 38 at all,
for some reason, they have never had another college team since then.
That was many years ago. And
he came out in favor of Donald Trump. And it was a big thing.
I won Indiana by a landslide because when Bobby Knight
from Indiana
endorses you, you win, sort of like when I endorse you, you win too.
We have a very good record of endorsement
but,
but we can't let
these radical left thugs
constantly scream at our judges and say we're going to impeach him.
We're going to take him out of office or her. We're gonna do horrible things to him.
Continues. When you heard Schumer get up
on the stairs of the courthouse Supreme Court
and talk about Kavanaugh, we're gonna get you Kavanaugh,
we're gonna hit you or whatever the hell he said, if a mobster said that
they would be put in jail immediately,
he frankly should have been put in jail or certainly spoken to very strongly.
He got lucky.
He got lucky. He had a couple of guys that didn't want to do it.
And I understand that also,
but he got lucky,
but, you know,
we can't let him do that. And I just want to pay my respect to
the judges that have suffered abuse at the hands of the radical left lunatics. And
I really admire them for being because, you know what
all they have to do to end it is rule against me or whatever
it is if they say Trump
you are guilty.
Oh, now all of a sudden they say, oh, that's the last time they ever say bad.
But they can't do it because
these people have weaponized the justice department,
including local das and local attorney generals
and
Fanni.
Fanni. You know,
Fanni spelled FA N
I,
my name is
Barney
fa ni, I don't figure it.
You put a little French
accent on the word
with a lover, Wade, right? Lover, Wade. We call them lover, boy Wade.
She hired and paid him almost a million dollars because of his great
knowledge of the law. He never did it before
with us. Today is Daniel Campos, a pilot in Venezuela who now lives in Pennsylvania.
Great gentleman.
Daniel came to tell us what you think of
Kamala Harris leading our country into socialism.
We're being led into socialism, but the socialism will be short lived.
It's going into communism if you would have told me.
And if you remember many times during State of the Union,
I would say we will never have
a socialist country and everybody would applaud.
But I was right
because we're really, I think skipping socialism,
we're going into communism when they weaponize our government like this.
That's what they do in
third world countries. That's what they do in
South American horror shows.
That's what they do
in banana Republics, they've weaponized it.
But our, I believe ours is even more corrupt.
The New York court system is totally corrupt.
They use the state
and the city
to go after me.
They take top people in the Department of
Justice and put them in the attorney general,
Letitia James. She campaigned, I will get Trump
and they then
go there
and then they go into the Manhattan das office,
they use Hillary Clinton's lawyer and the Democrats law firm
to leave the firm and go into the D A's
office in order to prosecute Donald Trump free of charge.
They are not going to charge.
Then he writes a book. This guy writes a book before the thing even went anywhere.
And in the book, he said, I do it for free. It's so great.
These are corrupt people and we have to call them out.
So remember the term
playing the ref with our judges and our
justices should be punishable by very serious fines and
beyond that.
But I'd like to ask because we're, we're into that whole system.
And I'd like to call up Daniel. Please come up and tell us about your
experience in
living in a country that went very, very bad,
went radical left and the experience has not been good.
Please come up. Thank you.
OK.
All right.
Uh First of all, hi, everybody. Thank you for coming here and support the president.
I'm gonna say the first part of the speech.
Well, of my story in English,
then I'm gonna repeat it in Spanish in order
to allow our Latino voters to understand and hear what's
the situation is going on.
Uh
First of all, as the president already said, I'm from Venezuela.
I left the country in 2007 because of communism. I still have family there.
There's been family that left my ha
that has left even before me or continues to living little by little.
But going further back, my grandparents from my mom's side
were from Cuba.
They were,
they were at university when the Communist revolution was going on and
they end up leaving to Venezuela, they only have
the money they received for their wedding present
and
they were living in a mid house, going to school and trying to
move, you know, move ahead.
My granddad ended up becoming a doctor
and had a family raising three Children, my mom and my two uncles
when in the early 19 nineties, Chavez
did a military coup and right after
he
run for president,
my granddad saw the similarities to what was happening in
Cuba and he told everybody that would listen to him that
was coming
and everybody was like, no, this is Venezuela, this is not Cuba.
This will never happen to us
and guess what
it happened to us and has been happening to other Latin American countries as well.
So when they tell you here, it will never happen.
That's not true. We lived it now here we are.
So
in 2007, we end up leaving because the socialists and the government
start changing the education system to make
it more like the Cuban education system.
It might ring a bell to what's going on here as well.
So it's extremely important for everybody
to keep this in mind.
And if you don't mind, I'm gonna switch to Spanish for our Latino speakers.
Thank you.
But I
told
Latino Americanos,
Gracia
pra
support
President Trump
esque Tens.
Que
in Latin America,
Puede
Milo
de
Cuba
se
Fueron
communism,
Venezuela
sing.
So
I
am
madam
President
Milo
to
Nadia
Liso Cao
chaves.
Porque
Unidos,
economia.
No,
Puede
Pasar
Imogen Cains
als
I
mea
parado
going back in English
that
we are going on a path
that is taking us to what Venezuela became
and the only way right now that we can avoid.
Keep going down that path is making Trump president again.
Oh,
come
back.
Great.
What a fantastic job. I said,
have you done that before? He said, no, sir, you are something.
All right next.
What office is he gonna run for? I think
we're going to endorse him so fast. Thank you very much. No, it's such a problem
because you know, it's a very dangerous situation.
She's giving everybody free everything. Not gonna never, it's never gonna happen.
Remember
the college debt, the student debt they were going to give it never happened.
It was just all talk. Then he said after getting totally rejected,
he came up with another plan, which is even dumber.
But what happens is they talk,
these things will never happen,
but it's very dangerous because politically, maybe somebody says, oh,
that's great.
That's great.
It's the end of our country. We can't do it, we can't do it.
So I really appreciate that. That was beautiful. It was so well done. Amazing.
Thank you.
In addition to defeating
Kamala Harris, you need to defeat your terrible democrat, Senator Bob Casey.
You know, I've been there for,
I've been in Washington for a long time.
I mean, I barely met the guy.
You know, most of these guys I get to meet in one form or another for better or worse.
I, I
hardly know this guy. I never
really remember meeting him. He obviously created a
great impression
but he's not a hard worker. He's cruising on
his father's past. I met the father.
I think I knew the father better than I knew the son.
But
Bob Casey voted for every bill that caused the
worst inflation in the history of our country.
In my opinion.
They call it decades.
But I believe it's the history of our country because they are not
using the real things like mortgage rates went from 2% to 10%.
They don't say that
that's inflation. They don't say that and you can't get any money at 10% either.
We had it down to two and 2.42 0.5%.
And now you can't get the money at 10%. They don't have any money.
He voted to open borders and
the war on Pennsylvania Energy, you know, Bob Casey
voted against all of this stuff against your state.
But you don't know because, you know, you have other jobs. You are not
watching Bob Casey.
That's why you need to fire Bob Casey and you have to elect a man named David mccormick
for the US Senate.
Dave is strong on borders, great on taxes. He wants to reduce your taxes.
You know, all my life,
I've been involved, usually from the other side, go writing checks,
but I have been involved.
I have made lots of contributions to politicians all my life
and politicians always talk about, we will lower your taxes, we will.
That's all they talked about is lowering tax.
This is the only group I have ever seen where
they say we are going to increase your taxes.
I've never heard of it before.
And by four times
I gave you the biggest
tax cut
in the history of our country
and
bigger than the Reagan tax cuts.
And
they expire in a few months and they want to not
renew them.
If that's the case, you're gonna pay four times the tax that you're paying right now.
And then they on top of that want to increase your taxes
to pay for the Green New Scam. You know what the green New scam is?
The oceans will rise
1/8 of an inch over the next 400 years.
But they don't talk about a madman that's building
nuclear missiles right now.
That's your real global warming. It's not this,
your global warming is war. Your global warming is going to be
nuclear weapons. Nobody talks about that.
They don't ever mention it, but they talk about an ocean that is rising
which will give you slightly more beachfront property if it happens.
Now, think of it.
But they don't talk about somebody that's
got very evil intentions. Look at
Iran, I stopped them from building a nuclear weapon,
but this guy is going to give it up, he's going to give it up. So,
David mccormick and I've known him for a long time.
He's an amazing man, a tremendous education,
tremendous military background.
And he's a very strong guy and he loves the state.
I really hope you give him a chance. It's not easy.
And I was just talking to him, you know, a guy has been in office for years.
He's done nothing,
he's done nothing
in that way. It's good.
But in another way, it's tough because, you know, you have seen his name a little bit.
You don't even see his name.
Most people don't even know if you ask who are the senators.
They may
choose the one that didn't do so well in the debate.
But one, right, he didn't do too well in the debate.
I wonder who did worse in the debate. Biden or him?
I think maybe Biden did. I think
actually
he's made more sense than a lot of other
people over the last few months in all fairness.
He actually has. I commend him on that
but nobody knows about KC. Nobody knows about him.
Even though he's been there for years. His father was there
for years.
I just want to ask, it's very important because we want to turn our country around.
We need to get
great representation even beyond the presidency. And this is a dead seat.
It's a seat that voted
with this group of people, Barack Hussein, Obama and Biden
and her because she was a part of it.
You know, she is now trying to claim that she has nothing to do with Biden.
She had nothing to do with the administration.
They put him on now, maybe they changed it because I said this a couple of days ago,
usually when I say something, they immediately change it so I can't say it anymore.
But they gave him speaking on Monday night now, maybe they have, they changed it.
I don't think so.
Monday night is considered on a convention, Death Valley,
Death Valley
because people aren't watching Monday night.
So they deposed the president. It was a coup of a president. This was a coup,
Nancy Pelosi crazy, Nancy. She is crazy as a bedbug
crazy, Nancy went in
and laid it out
and she never thought he was good
because she's smart, cunning,
nasty mean.
But she's crazy.
And she went in and she said
you're getting out
and he said, no, I'm not only God will get me out. Right? Isn't that what he said?
Only God?
And within about 24 hours
he announced that he was going to get out
and he, you know, he won it, he went through a primary system. She didn't,
he beat her in the primary. She ran along with 22 people. She ran,
she was the first one out because she was no good. She was no good.
And now she is running and this is not what our country is all about.
And he feels terrible and he is a very angry man. I watched him yesterday.
He is a very angry man.
I think he hates them more than he hates Donald Trump. And that's hard to believe.
I really do. He is an angry man and he should be an angry man. They walked in
and they stole the presidency of the United States from him.
Now, I think he was a terrible president.
I think he was the worst president in the history of our country.
I think that Jimmy Carter is
the happiest man on earth today. He's not a young man
because
Jimmy Carter's presidency was brilliant,
brilliant by comparison to this.
But she was a big part of it
and she's going to be an even bigger part now she wants to give our whole country away.
And just as Daniel and others have said, I mean, it's, it's, our country is going to,
our
country is going to die
and yet it's scary because she's given so much away.
I mean, who's not going to vote to get some money for house? It's never gonna happen.
It's trillions of dollars. It's never gonna happen.
But who's gonna vote? I mean, people will maybe vote for this. I said before,
it may be good politics, but it's going to destroy,
it's going to destroy our country.
The Washington Post, one of the most evil
print journalism. It's, I mean, they've lost a lot of,
a lot of people over the last couple of years. It's nasty.
They came out with an editorial excoriating her.
Actually, I, I spoke with Jeff Bezos Bezos just for the, almost,
almost the first time I met him once before
and he was so complimentary on
the way we handle the
horrible situation
that took place recently.
And, uh, I appreciated that, but we talked a little bit about the paper
and their radical left paper.
They excoriated her in today's editorial,
excoriated her and I give the Washington Post tremendous credit.
I believe the New York Times did or is about to do the same thing.
But when they are going after somebody,
uh, because they, they are far, far,
it's not even left
every single country that's done this,
it's been done many times because it's so easy to say, I'm going to give you this,
I'm going to give you that.
We're going to put price controls on food. How do they do that?
We're going to say the beans are going to cost the cereal is,
does it work?
And what happens is you end up with huge inflation and no
product because you can't make it anymore because they lose money,
hand over fist.
So it doesn't work. But it's scary because
sometimes people vote for it
because it sounds good.
It sounds good. But it's really bad.
We're going to give you tax cuts. We're gonna give you additional tax cuts.
We made our country wealthy, we made our country
better than it had ever been before.
And we did it, we did it, we had uh you know, the, the big difference is we had
a man serving for
3.5 years with her at his side
and we had us and prior, we did a great job when COVID never got the,
I got great, great credit for the economy in all fairness to the fake news.
I got great credit for the economy, great credit for the military. We defeated. I,
I, we had no new wars.
We rebuilt our military, think of that.
We came up with a new
and very important
organization to put it mildly first time since the Air Force,
almost 80 years Space Force.
And we took space
where we were languishing to China,
falling way behind China and Russia,
we took space and now we're dominating them.
We put some incredible people in their space force has been so important.
It will end up being one of our truly important already is I mean, it's
with this, but we created space force.
We did so many things right to try medically, right? To try.
If you're terminally ill, you had no right to get medicine. Now you sign a document.
They tried to get that for 58 years,
58 years, they were unable to get it.
I sat everybody down the labs, the doctors, the insurance companies and the country
because they didn't want to be sued. Somebody is terminally ill.
They take something, they die and then the family sues them for
killing the mother, the father,
the sister, the brother.
And I said, no, you're gonna sign a document and you're not going to sue anybody,
but you're going to go home and you are going to have the greatest drugs in
the world that won't be approved for another four or five years of terminally ill.
And we have saved thousands and thousands of lives,
thousands.
So we did a lot and
we have a lot of other things planned.
Oh, by the way, all of that great work done, we have the greatest lab technicians,
the greatest doctors, the greatest laboratories in the world,
all of that under her system
gets wiped out.
They are close to a lot of great cures. I worked very hard on that.
I also worked very hard on the FDA, getting them
to bring it down,
bring it down because it was going to take
an average of 12 years to get something approved.
I got it down to five.
I want to get it. I wanted to get it down to two.
But things have to happen.
But we got it way, way down and
we came up with things and we have thousands of
people that are living today that were considered terminal.
I
just a short while ago.
It's one of the things I most proud go right
to try and hopefully nobody in this room needs it.
But if you do, you don't have to go to Asia. You don't have to go to Europe
or if you have no money, you go home and you die. That's what happens.
You don't, mostly people don't have any hope they go home and die.
Now. You have right to try and
thousands of people are living right now that would not be living.
We're also pleased to be joined by a very special man,
a friend of mine who's been a warrior from day one.
Dan Muser, Congressman, Dan Muser. Thank you, Dan. Great job
Mrs Muser. Thank you.
What a great,
what a great job. Thank you. Thank you both for being here.
He's really been. No, I'm telling you. He's been fantastic. A man who
would defend me a lot on
fake news. CNN,
a former senator from
your state. It was your commonwealth who was frankly,
uh, a very talented man. He was very good on
very good on television. He spent most of his time defending me,
Rick Santorum, former senator, Rick. Thank you very much. I appreciate,
I appreciate the defense. Thank you,
former congressman, Fred Keller Fred.
Thank you very much, Fred.
You look good.
You look good. He looks good.
Pennsylvania Treasurer
Stacey Garrity. Thank you, Stacey.
Great job. You're doing
the next congressman from Pennsylvania's eighth congressional
district. Rob Brena
Hand.
Thank you, Rob. Good,
great primary win.
That was a big prime. I endorsed him. He went to a
great job.
That was a big win
candidate for the seventh congressional district. Ryan mckenzie Ryan. Thank you.
Congratulations
a man who we picked because
unlike a lot of states, including this one,
we were leading by a lot.
And then all of a sudden a miracle happened.
We had another miracle happened about four weeks ago too,
but this was a big miracle and they found millions of votes. They found a lot of votes,
but they didn't do that in North Carolina where he was the head of the
Republican Party.
And I said, who is that guy? His name is Michael Watley. And we appointed him the head
of the RNC, the
Republican National Committee
and he is doing a fantastic
job.
Really,
really a great job. Thank you very much.
He is going to keep their cheating down to a minimum. Right.
Maybe nothing. But, you know, we know them better. They won't stop, they won't stop.
You know, we have an expression too big to r, right. Too big to read.
And we're leading by a lot,
even though we now have to run against some think of it. I spend 100 million
now. I have to run against somebody else. Is that fair?
I think they should reimburse me for the 100 million.
Who wants to collect? Does anybody want to go and collect?
I'll get front row Joe to collect
the mayor
who is really a wonderful man. By the way, Mr Mayor, it was good meeting you, Carl
Ken. Thank you, Carl. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Carl.
Good man,
New York's Broome County D A
Paul
Battiste, Paul Batiste.
Thank you, Paul. Thank you.
Good job you're doing.
I wish you were in
Manhattan.
It would be very,
we could use a good one in Manhattan
and Lackawanna County commissioner, Chris Sherm.
Chris.
Thank you, Chris. Thank you, Chris.
Good job on my first day back in the oval office,
I will immediately sign an executive order,
directing every cabinet secretary and agency had to use every power.
We have
to drive prices down, but we're going to drive them down in a capitalist way.
Not in a communist way at
the center of this effort will be to end Kamala's
war on American Energy and we will drill baby drill.
We're going to get your energy prices down.
We're going to get your energy prices down by 50%. The Kamala
presidency will mean death for Pennsylvania energy. Remember that
it will mean death for Pennsylvania energy.
Kamla imposed a natural gas export ban to cripple Pennsylvania energy producers.
You do know that she's against this whole energy thing
that you have going, which is by far the most important thing you have from
an economic standpoint, a job standpoint, she's against it.
Kamala supports a carbon tax on the working class
and she's vowed that she will ban fracking,
which means 423,000 plus at least 100 and 50,000 jobs.
Beyond that,
Pennsylvania is going to always be fracking because we desperately
need the energy and we desperately need the jobs,
but you will end it,
you will end
it.
In addition,
your state and local government will be starved of
billions of dollars in oil and gas revenue,
which means higher taxes, lower property values,
worse schools and plunging quality of life and
the great commonwealth of Pennsylvania that I love. I've spent a lot of time here.
I told you I went to school here, the Wharton School of Finance
at Penn.
Under my leadership,
we will make America energy independent
and energy dominant and Pennsylvania energy
workers will lead the way you can lead the way it's big stuff
to further combat inflation. I will terminate Kamala Harris Green, New Scam.
It's the greatest scam maybe ever played
and rescind all of the unspent funds. We're going to take those
unspent funds and use them for roads and bridges and we're going to
give back a lot of money into the treasury and pay down debt
to make both new and used cars more affordable.
I will end the Biden Harris electric vehicle mandate
on day 11 of the most ridiculous things,
one of the most ridiculous things
Kamala now claims to want to cut red tape, but in less than four years,
she's buried American families in regulations costing
a typical household much more than $5000 per year. Think of that.
Just with their red tape,
I will cancel
Kamala's crushing regulatory onslaught and I will immediately
eliminate every cost of the job now.
Just so, you know,
I cut regulations more than any president in history by far
by far.
So you can't say to me. Well, why didn't you do it
with me? You can't say that
on anything. I did do it everything I said, you know, they said
promises, made, promises kept
what I said. I kept, I mean, unless there was some crazy thing somewhere, but
I got it done. I got it all done.
Even the wall,
I built hundreds of miles of wall and I had to fight Congress I had to fight
the Senate. Like you wouldn't believe I built hundreds of miles of wall
and I ended up taking it out and winning in court. We had 11 lawsuits
by mostly Democrats like Nancy Pelosi. We had 11 different. We won every one of them.
But think of it.
I built the wall. I said,
I'm taking it out of the military because our country is being invaded.
This is an invasion of our country
and we built hundreds of miles of wall. Then we built
and had made an extra 200 miles that we were going
to use to expand it further than I ever said.
And it was made and ready to be installed.
And we had a rigged election.
And what happened after that was,
they didn't want to do it and they sold it for five cents on the dollar
five cents. Very sophisticated stuff too.
To get economic relief to workers and families.
I will make the Trump tax cuts permanent and we
will have no tax on tips which he copied.
She copied
you all know, by now, she came out
a few days ago and she said there will be no tax. I said, I said that months ago,
but here's one that she hasn't copied yet
to help seniors on fixed incomes who are suffering
the ravages of horrible inflation caused by crooked Joe and
Kamala.
There will be no tax on social security.
So get out and I get it done.
I will get it done. They won't,
they haven't even promised it to you, but they won't get it done if they do.
And I will always protect social security and Medicare
for our great seniors just as I did for four
incredible years.
By contrast,
Kamala Harris has a three step plan to destroy Medicare and social security.
She's going to destroy
your Medicare. She's going to destroy
your social security. First, she has thrown open our borders. Second,
she is flooding our country with millions and millions
of low wage migrants and giving them welfare,
free health care, food stamps, public benefits.
And third, she wants to make them all citizens of the United States.
Many of them coming from prison,
many of them coming from mental institutions and many are terrorists.
She wants to make them citizens dumping them onto Medicare
and dumping them into a beautiful social security program.
Remember for four years,
I save Social Security. I never gave an increase.
I never raised the age by five years, which is what they are going to end up doing
with me. It's staying the way it is. We have a lot of ways we are making money.
We don't need to take it away from our seniors.
The millions of illegal aliens pouring in under
border Czar. She was the border Czar, right? She was the border Czar.
Now the last about a month ago she said I wasn't the border Czar.
She was the border Czar,
but it doesn't matter.
She was in charge of the border 100%.
But border Czar Harris are coming in from
the worst places. Some of the most dangerous countries
in the world. And as I said, they are emptying out their jails and prisons and
they're emptying out their mental institutions and
they're dumping them into our country.
What's happening to our country is shocking.
It's unacceptable and we are going, we have no choice.
We're going to do the largest deportation in the history
of our country. We have no choice.
Just this week in Coney Island, two
Kamala migrants
were arrested for the rape of a 46 year old woman
throwing her to the ground and raping her with a knife
to her throat. She thought they were
going to kill her.
She said they weren't looking to rape me. They were looking to kill me.
And it was a terrible thing.
One of them had previously been arrested
for raping another woman at a migrant shelter
but he was shielded from deportation by New York City sanctuary
laws which Kamala Harris strongly supported and doesn't want to change.
In Virginia. Three weeks ago, a 54 year old mother of four
was leaving a 7-Eleven when she noticed an illegal alien trying to steal her car
when she tried to stop him.
He ran her down and left her dead on the ground before going on to hit two more cars,
institutions and many a terrorist,
she wants to make them citizens dumping them onto Medicare
and dumping them into a beautiful social security program.
Remember for four years,
I save social security. I never gave an increase.
I never raised the age by five years, which is what they're going to end up doing
with me. It's staying the way it is. We have a lot of ways we are making money.
We don't need to take it away from our seniors.
The millions of illegal aliens pouring in under
border Czar. She was the border Czar, right? She was the border Czar.
Now, the last about a month ago, she said I wasn't the border Czar.
She was the border Czar
but it doesn't matter.
She was in charge of the border 100%.
But border Czar Harris are coming in from
the worst places, some of the most dangerous countries
in the world. And as I said, they are emptying out their jails and prisons and
they're emptying out their mental institutions and
they're dumping them into our country.
What's happening to our country is shocking.
It's unacceptable and we are going, we have no choice.
We're going to do the largest deportation in the history
of our country. We have no choice.
Just this week in Coney Island, two
Kamala migrants
were arrested for the rape of a 46 year old woman,
throwing her to the ground and raping her with a knife
to her throat. She thought they were
going to kill her.
She said they weren't looking to rape me. They were looking to kill me.
And it was a terrible thing.
One of them had previously been arrested for
raping another woman at a migrant shelter,
but he was shielded from deportation by New York City sanctuary
laws which Kamala Harris strongly supported and doesn't want to change.
In Virginia. Three weeks ago, a 54 year old mother of four
was leaving a 7-Eleven when she noticed an illegal alien trying to steal her car.
When she tried to stop him.
He ran her down and left her dead on the ground before going on to hit two more cars
killing two other drivers.
And in May, the leader of a Peruvian gang known as
Los Killers
was released from border patrol custody and set free into America and
Kamala's
direct orders. She said set him free.
Meanwhile, he was wanted for 23
murders in Peru.
Kamala refuses even to call these criminals. And we're not going to use the term.
She said
illegal aliens. No, they are illegal aliens but she said don't ever use that term,
but they are not just illegal aliens. Honestly, they are monsters. These are savage
monsters.
The Harris policy is to let thousands of migrant killers and rapists
into our country. You know, she was asked the other day, but she didn't respond.
We have detention centers where we have some of the worst criminals in the
world in those detention centers from other countries and not just South America,
they come from Africa,
they come from Asia, they come from the Middle East,
they come from countries that are seriously crime ridden
and those countries, the crimes are going way down.
Like Venezuela. We talked about Venezuela before
and
think about Venezuela. Their crime is down 72%.
They've gone to Caracas and they've gone to different places in Venezuela.
They've taken their
murderers,
they're drug dealers, they are rapists, they are thugs
and they have taken them out of the country.
They've said you're going to the United States of America
and if you come back, we will kill you
and they are now living with us
all will be criminals soon.
And don't forget they're just getting used to the experience of
being in a country where criminals are treated
better, far better than
the people that are being
hurt
and victimized.
And when they see that
and they're gonna have levels of crime. I call it migrant crime.
We'll call it Kamala migrant crime.
She destroyed San Francisco, she destroyed Los Angeles. I call it
migrant
crime.
She had something that she went with.
You're not a criminal.
It's a very minor offense. If you steal anything from a store that's less than $950.
Did you know that?
So guys are walking into stores with,
they walk into stores with a calculator.
Keep it under 950
nothing is going to happen. By the way,
if it goes to 9050 nothing happens either.
What's happened in California with Governor Newscom
and guys like this people like this is terrible.
But
Kamala, Kamala,
what an environment. What a beautiful place. What a great place.
The weather is so beautiful, the ocean, everything is beautiful.
It's crime ridden and horrible and changes have to be made.
The Trump policy is to keep these savage criminals the hell out of our country.
They are going to be out of our country.
If Kamala wins, you will have mass amnesty and citizenship for all.
She wants to give all of these people citizenship in Venezuela.
Their crime
is down
72%
in other countries all over the world. Their crime is way down
and in our country. Where do you see the real numbers?
Because they are not counting migrant crime,
which is going to make our crime look like
baby stuff.
If I win, you will have the largest
operation of
police to take care of us. They have to take care of us. They want to take care of us.
They want to do their job as border patrol wants to do their job
and it's going to start on Inauguration day
January
20th 2025. It's going to start immediately.
They want to do their job and we don't let them.
And if they do their job.
And if they're a little bit strong about doing their job,
they're dealing with a lot of very tough people.
They take away their pension, they take away their job, they lose their family,
they lose their house, they lose everything.
They end up
in squalor.
And we're not going to do that. We're going to defend our great
local police and law enforcement in general. We're going to defend them.
We're going to defend them
because we want them to protect us
and we're going to need them much more than ever before
because the criminals pouring into our country by the millions.
I believe the real number is over 20 million people.
You don't hear that you 10 million, 12 million for it, even if it was,
it's still so many.
But
I believe the real number is over 20
million people that's larger than New York State.
Kamala Harris wants to eliminate private health insurance and give free
taxpayer funded health care to every single illegal alien in the country
they want to give.
And then you wonder why do they come up, you know why they come up?
Because guys like Newscom
and others are saying come up, come to our country, we will give you health care.
You know what they are doing to your school system is incredible. People are taking
the seats of your Children,
your Children can't go to school and you have people taking
their seats that don't speak a word of English come from
a foreign country
and your kids aren't getting educated, your kids are not getting educated.
They're considered like secondary citizens.
And this is Kamala and Joe to a lesser extent, look, Joe. Joe is lost. Hes, forget him.
By contrast. I'm going to keep the Affordable Care Act.
Unless we can do something much better.
We'll keep it,
but we can do much better. It's too expensive for the people. They can't afford it.
It's lousy health care
if we can do something better
on it, if we can do something better. But we will never
let anybody touch it unless we have something better.
We're going to deliver lower prices,
lower drug costs and new options that
will dramatically reduce the crushing burden on all
American patients and
Kamala and crooked
Joe,
they try and take credit for $35 insulin.
But I was the one that did the $35 insulin knock
down
just kicked in during their administration.
I remember a couple of years, few years ago, I said,
boy, oh boy, they said sure this will kick in over the next 2.5, 3 years.
I said, what about now? You couldn't do it. Just a process.
I said, you know, I hope I win the presidency because I want to get credit for that.
But you know,
he gets up there, we got $35. I got it.
Kamala Harris's Democrat party is the party of health care for illegals.
The Republican Party is the party of common sense.
We really are the party of common sense, ultimately.
So we will bring back our supply chain, the supply chains and
they have been so devastated. Our supply chains are you order something?
And they say sir,
that will be four months
and then four months comes up and they say it's going to be another four months,
it's stuck at sea.
They have no idea where the hell it is.
But we're going to bring them back from China and other foreign
countries ending costly supply chain disruptions and they are really bad.
There is bad now as they were,
but we get used to it.
We're living like a third world country who thought
as we reduce burdens on domestic manufacturers,
American workers will make our critical goods better and
cheaper right here in the USA and right here
in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania
and I will
with David
revoke China's most favored nation trade status.
You know, they have a huge advantage
because they are a growing nation,
but we are a growing nation too.
We are a nation that is crippled. We are a horribly crippled nation
and China gets all of these advantages in trade
because they consider themselves to be a growing nation.
Well, we are a growing nation too and I did that already. I will pass
what will be known as the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If China
or any other country makes us pay 100 or 200% tariff,
we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100
or 200% right back.
You hurt us, we hurt you. It's called an eye for an eye.
I will also restore peace through strength and I will
prevent World War Three from happening. We will stop it.
You know,
when crooked Hillary Clinton was running against me, she said, look at him,
listen to him.
He will start a war. A world war.
We had no wars other than I defeated Isis in its entirety. 100% of the ISIS caliber.
Listen to his rhetoric. Listen to his horrible tone.
I said that horrible tone is going to keep
people from fighting us and that's what happened.
We had no wars. It's been 81 years since that happened for a president.
No wars other than
ending some wars that we are in and
defeating Isis
two days ago, I watched a parade of the Taliban in
Afghanistan. Did you see the Taliban where
they were showing all of our equipment that they took from America $85 billion worth
two days ago celebrating three years of the defeat of America by these guys
and I knew him very well. Abdul was the head. Abdul was not playing games with me.
We had uh
you know, they were executing a lot of our soldiers
and I spoke to them I said, Abdul
don't do it anymore.
There will be no more anyway. I said it's pretty tough.
And you know what, for 18 months,
we didn't have one American
soldier killed in Afghanistan.
And then I left
and then I left
and
this bunch of incompetent people took over and it all started up again. And then
they had the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, I thought. But
she bragged about being the last person in the room that night,
the night that they decided to do whatever they decided to do.
In other words,
she had the final vote
and she bragged about
it. It's been the most embarrassing moment in the
history of our country. Afghanistan.
It could have, it should have never ever happened.
We should have gotten out with dignity and strength
and you don't take your military out first,
you take your military out less.
They couldn't believe we did it
under Trump.
We will have no more wars,
no more disruptions and we will have prosperity and peace for all.
And again,
we're going to bring back that American dream for all of the
young people in this audience and some of the old ones,
this is how we will end the era of inflation, mayhem and misery under
Kamala
and crooked Joe Biden and unleash safety,
prosperity and promise for Americans of every race religion,
color and creed. Every single one of them is gonna understand peace and wealth
and you're going to be a dominant, we're going to be a dominant force again.
We're going to be respected as a country again.
Right now, we're being left
together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs,
low interest rates, low inflation.
We had almost no inflation during my four years, almost nothing.
And they went up to 9.5%
and that number is a fake number
because they don't have the worst categories was much higher than that.
But it was record setting inflation
that everyone can.
We're gonna make sure afford your groceries, afford a car, afford a home,
low interest rates.
We're gonna get it all down.
We will stop the invasion. We will end migrant crime.
We will support our great police.
We will strengthen our military,
build a missile defense shield over the top of our country,
an iron dome. It will be a great iron dome
and much of it will be made right here in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Why shouldn't we have that?
Why shouldn't we have that
other countries can have it? But we can't, it was our idea. It was
our, you know, Ronald Reagan wanted it
many years ago. But then in all fairness, you didn't have the technology today.
You do.
We're going to have an iron dome to protect us from the lunatics out there
and we're going to keep critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out
of our schools and we're going to keep men out of women's sports.
No men in women's sports.
Did you see in the Olympics?
They had two
transitions.
They transitioned,
uh,
they were men, they transitioned to women and they were in the boxing
and a young Italian woman
was boxing.
One of the transitions, men
and she got hit with a jab. Just
boom. A
jab is not like the hard, this is the harder one, right?
If you're right handed,
boom.
And she backed up.
She said, what just hit me? I just got hit with a horse.
What just hit me?
Think of that.
Then he did it again. Boom.
And she said, OK, that's enough.
Two jabs.
Then the other one. And by the way, he went on to easily win the gold medal.
He just walked through everybody.
He won the gold medal. Then there was another one,
a transitioned man
and he also won the gold
medal. He transitioned
and he won the gold medal very easily.
So the two fighters won the gold medals very easily.
And she came out the Italian girl, beautiful girl, very good boxer.
And she said, nobody has ever hit me like that.
Two Japs.
She said, I've never been here. She just said that's enough. That's enough.
It's crazy. It's so demeaning to women. How about the weightlifting?
Hundreds of pounds more? Hundreds
records that haven't been broken in 18 years,
1/8 of an ounce here.
1/8 of an ounce
and they can't do it. You could do it,
they can't do it.
And a guy comes out, excuse me, a transition person.
How much more is that? Oh, that's 128 pounds more. How crazy is this?
Our country has gone crazy
and we're going to put it back on track. We are the party of common sense.
We will defend the second amendment,
restore free speech and we will secure our elections.
Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive.
We're going to be a thriving country again
and every day we will be filled with joy, opportunity and hope
right now.
It's filled with sorrow.
It's sorrow. People are so embarrassed by what's happening to our country.
They are waiting for Iran to drop
weapons all over Israel
but it hasn't happened. Do you know why?
Because our country is willing to pay them billions and billions of dollars.
How about where they
negotiate? I had 58 people we negotiated and we didn't pay
58 hostages. I got out 59. I think
I got them out. Even from North Korea, the toughest
had a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, but I got him out.
But you never pay because once you pay, you're gonna pay.
How about we pay $6 billion? 6 billion
and we get
some out
and in the case of Russia,
they get the prince of doom. You know who the prince of the greatest arms dealer,
they say in the history of the world
and they got him
and we also gave $6 billion.
It's so embarrassing.
So, em,
and the world is watching
and, you know,
when you pay $6 billion all of a sudden people are
going to be disappearing from the streets all over the place.
And
it's a very bad precedent is being said in many ways, including the weaponization of
our government.
You know, I could have done that with Hillary Clinton.
And I said to myself, how would it look? We are trying to unify the country.
How would it look
if I had arrested and put in prison?
The wife
of the president of the United States, I thought it was not good.
And then they do that to me. They want to put me away.
But you know what?
I get indicted for you to me,
I'm just here, I'm just standing in their way.
I said to him, fellas, you know,
I was no fan of Hillary. But I said,
how would it look if we put her in prison?
We're going to put Hillary Clinton, the wife and the Secretary of State,
we're going to put her in prison,
but we never did this stuff. And then I came along
double standard. They do, they want to do it to me so far.
They've been very unsuccessful, but they would like to,
we must defeat Kamala Harris and we must stop her
country destroying liberal agenda,
liberal like nobody has ever seen in the history of
our country. So
get your friends, get your family, register, volunteer,
get out and vote and vote for that guy right there.
David,
the radical left Democrats rigged the presidential election in 2020
we're not going to allow them to rig the presidential election in 2024.
And we want a landslide
not gonna let it happen.
Not gonna, we're not gonna have a country left.
You know, you need two things to start.
You need a strong, beautiful, fair border
and you need fair and free elections and we have neither
right.
We have neither
on November 5th. We will save our economy. We will rescue our middle class.
We will reclaim
our sovereignty and restore our borders.
We will put America first and we will fight, fight, fight. We're gonna fight
in a fight for our country.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
But this is a very consequential
commonwealth as we say, but this is a very consequential vote
in Pennsylvania because
they say that if you win Pennsylvania, you're going to win the whole thing.
We cannot let these people,
we cannot let these people win. P
that includes David
and let it happen.
And together we will make America powerful.
Again, we're going to make it powerful, powerful.
We will make
America wealthy again,
we will make America strong again,
we will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
We will make America free again and we will make
America great again. Thank you very much, Pennsylvania.