Well, thank you very much everyone.

| want to start by, as always, thanking my family. My wife, Melania. My kids — they’re not
kids anymore but they're kids as far as I'm concerned. They'll always be my kids. And |
want to thank my great parents who are looking down right now and my brother looking
down on us. | want to thank my entire family, including Maryanne, Elizabeth, Robert.

And it's been some unbelievable day and evening and year. | never have been through
anything like this but it’s a beautiful thing to watch and a beautiful thing to behold, and
we're going to make America great again. We're going to make America great again.

So important — so important that the people of Indiana have been incredible.

| started as you know not very long ago — about six weeks ago — and | was told that | had
a 20 point deficit.

And | went there and | worked very hard and | campaigned and | made lots of speeches
and met lots of incredible people — incredible people. You don’t get better, and the
crowds got bigger and bigger. And toward the end, it was like | didn't want to leave. |
almost said, “Maybe I'll just never leave” and it resonated somehow and we have a
tremendous victory tonight.

It was a tremendous victory.

And | have to thank Bobby Knight. Boy, Bobby Knight was incredible. He was incredible.
| always that people like that — there aren’t many — but it's called tough, smart, and they
know how to win. And that's what our country needs. We have to win again. We have to
know how to win.

And we haven't won. We've been losing all the time. We lose with our military. We can't
beat ISIS. We lose with trade. We lose with borders. We lose everything.

We're not going to lose. We're going to start winning again and we’re going to win big
league. Believe me.

So when | got back tonight and | started watching all of the different networks, | could
immediately that we were doing very well, and it really looks like a massive victory and it
looks like we win all 57 delegates.

And | must say in staying in various places in Indiana, | turned on the television and all |
saw was negative ads, negative one after another after another.

And | called my people and | said, “How can we win? It's just constantly.” It was the same
as in Florida. You know, there’ve been 60,000 negative ads.

| got it right from you folks, okay? 60,000. In fact, two weeks ago it was 55,000. Now it's
60,000 negative ads - most of which are absolutely false and disgusting. And | said how
can anybody endure this?

| had one evening two nights ago where literally they had five ads on in between
segments of a show that | was watching. And | said that's just incredible.

And the people are so smart. They don’t buy it. They get it.

And it's ttemendous, tremendous amounts of money were spent — millions and millions of
dollars. And they were comparing it. They think it was probably $8 million was spent
against me and we spent $900,000. So, | mean, to me that's the way it's supposed to be.
That's something that makes me feel really, really very good.

And now we're going to Nebraska where | have — | just hear we’re doing really
wonderfully. | look forward to that very much.

And West Virginia. And we're going to get those miners back to work. I'll tell you what.
We're going to get those miners back to work.

We're not going to be Hillary Clinton, and | watched her three or four weeks ago where
she was talking about the miners as if they were just numbers and she was talking about
she wants the mines closed and she will never let them work again.

Let me tell you, the miners in West Virginia and Pennsylvania which was so great to me
last week and Ohio and all over, they're going to start to work again. Believe me. You're
going to be proud again to be miners.

So we'll be going there. | must say this tremendous run that we've had started with New
York when we had almost 62%. And don't forget, that's with three people. So 62% with
two people is a massive landslide. But 63% almost — just a little over 62% — when you
have that kind of a number with three people, it's actually unheard of.

And all throughout, it was 17 people, then 15, then 12, you know, it’s ttemendous, and we
were getting very high numbers. And some of the numbers in my opinion that | got in the
early stages were in a state with 32% but there were 14 people. | think that might actually
be more and better than getting 62% in New York. But we never got the credit for that.

But now we don't need the credit because we're going after Hillary Clinton. She will not
be a great president. She will not be a good president. She will be a poor president.

She doesn't understand trade. Her husband signed perhaps in the history of the world
the single worst trade deal ever done. It’s called NAFTA.

And | was witnessed to the carnage over the last six weeks especially. Now I’ve known
Syracuse and I've known Poughkeepsie and I’ve known all of the different places that |
visited in New York and then Pennsylvania and then Maryland, which treated me so great
the people are incredible.

And all of the different state - Connecticut. And I've witnessed what it's done really
firsthand. And it has been indeed carnage.

And we're going to change it around.

We're not going to let Carrier and all of these companies just think they can move — go to
another country, make their products, sell it back to us, and we get only one thing: We
get unemployment. Not going to happen anymore, folks. Not going to happen anymore.
We're going to bring back our jobs and we're going to keep our jobs. We're not going to
let companies leave.

Now, if they want to go to a different state, good luck, compete.

But when they start going to different countries and in many cases countries that devalue
their currency and make it impossible for our companies to compete, that's not going to
happen. Not going to happen.

And if they want to do it anyway, there will be consequences, and there will be very, very
serious consequences.

| have to tell you that I've competed all my life. Competitive person. All my life I've been in
competitions. Different competitions whether it's sports or business or now for 10 months
politics.

And | have to tell you that | have met some of the most incredible competitors that | have
ever competed against right here on the Republican Party.

You know, we started off with that 17 number. And just so you understand - Ted Cruz —|
don't know if he likes me or if he doesn’t like me. But he is one hell of a competitor. He is
a tough, smart guy.

And he has got an amazing future. He's got an amazing future. So | want to congratulate
Ted.

And | know how tough it is. It's tough. It's tough.

I've had some moments where it's not looking so good, and it’s not a great feeling. And
so | understand how Ted feels and Heidi and their whole beautiful family.

And | just want to say that one tough competitor and | can say that for the others. | mean,
Chris Christie who endorsed me. Incredible guy. Dr. Ben Carson who was right up there,
one of the first. He just called me and said, “It's a movement you've got going. We've got
to do something because I'll tell you what, it’s an incredible movement.” And Dr. Ben
Carson endorsed me. And | want to tell you that is an incredible man and we want to
keep Ben totally involved because we're going to win. We're going to win in November.
And we're going to win big and it’s going to be America first.

You know, | made a speech the other day and | talked about how we’re the policemen for
the world, how we protect other countries and they don’t respect us and they don’t take
care of us and they don't treat us right in many cases.

And that's not going to happen.

Now, we're going to keep things going and we're going to keep things going very nicely
but we owe - soon - $21 trillion. It's $19 trillion now but with a budget that was recently
done, soon it will be $21 trillion.

And we're just not in a position that we're in 30 years ago, 40 years ago, 50 years ago
when a lot of these things took place and began taking place.

So, we're going to have unbelievably good relationships with other countries.

But likewise they have to treat us fairly and they have to understand that what we've been
doing over the years has been so wrong and so unfair to the United States, to its people,
and to its taxpayers.

So that will change. And | will tell you, they're going to end up liking us better than they
do right. They're going to respect us.

In this building right upstairs, | have the largest bank in the world from China. The
relationship is fantastic.

We have great relationships with many foreign countries. But they have to respect us and
they have to understand where we're coming from.

And you know, it is a two-way street. And the two-way street means that we're going
down one side and they're coming up the other. And we’re going to meet and we are
going to have something that’s going to be really fabulous.

Now, if that can’t happen. If for some reason they want this system to continue the way it's
going now, which is not fair and not good, where we're spending trillions and trillions of
dollars probably $4 trillion in the Middle East.

And we have to build our infrastructure, our roads. We have to rebuild our bridges, our
airports, our hospitals in this country.

We've become close to a third world country. You look at some of our airports; it's third
world. And then you go to other countries and you see places like you've never seen.

So | have to say that we are going to turn it around.

We're going to build up our military bigger, better, stronger than ever before. It's the
cheapest thing we can do. And we're going to have to take out ISIS and we're going to
have to take them out fast. We can't allow that cancer to continue. We cannot allow it to
continue.

And you know, one group that’s been so incredible to me are the vets — the veterans. And
they've been treated so badly. So badly. And we're going to get that straightened out.
Now, one of the things that just happened, which to me is very exciting and it's happened
now with two or three. But the Rasmussen poll came out yesterday and in that poll, I'm
now leading Hillary Clinton. A lot of good things...

Now, one of the things that just happened, which to me is very exciting and it's happened
now with two or three. But the Rasmussen poll came out yesterday and in that poll, I'm
now leading Hillary Clinton. A lot of good things...

And that's going to continue because they're not going to be able to do it, folks.

They're not going to be able to make great trade deals. We have such bad deals.

They're not going to be able to do what we do with the military.

They're not going to be able to do what we're going to do on the border, including the
wall.

We're going to have unbelievably great relationships with the Hispanics. The Hispanics
have been so incredible to me. They want jobs. Everybody want jobs. The African-
Americans want jobs. You look at what's going on. They want jobs.

And we're going to bring back our jobs. We're going to save our jobs and people are
going to have great jobs again.

And this country, which is very, very divided in so many different ways is going to
become one beautiful loving country. And we're going to love each other. We're going to
cherish each other. We're going to take care of each other. And we're going to have great
economic development.

And we're not going to let other countries take it away from us because that’s what's been
happening for far too many years and we're not going to do it anymore. We're not going
to do it anymore.

| want to thank and congratulate the Republican National Committee and Reince Priebus,
who | just spoke to. He's doing a tremendous job. It's not an easy job when he had 17
egos and now | guess he’s down to one.