# 🇺🇸 Donald Trump | Save America Rally at Sunset Park in Las Vegas, Nevada (June 9, 2024) [LIVE]\n# Channel: MAGNO NEWS\n# Upload Date: 2024-06-09\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nyZJZf7_1c\n# Language: en\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 100.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:28:02\n\n================================================================================\n\nWow, it's not too hot out here, right?
You know, it's not bad.
I heard it was going to be terrible.
I heard it was going to be so hot.
Did you see we put out a
notice saying, don't come?
So, only 20,000 people showed up.
There's never been anything like this, but
it's great to be back in the beautiful state.
You know the state? We love it, and you
always have to say it correctly. Nevada,
you ain't got to go with Nevada.
With thousands of proud,
hardworking American patriots,
and that's what you are. With your help,
we're going to win Nevada. We're going to
defeat your Biden -loving, radical left
senator, Jackie Rosen, who's terrible.
By the way, she's a terrible senator. We're
going to knock off the Biden -grind family as
a Biden family of crime, including the fact
that they've weaponized the Department of
Justice, like has never happened in this country.
We're going to end the weak and
failed regime of crooked Joe Biden,
the worst president in the history of our
country, and we're going to make America
great again. For three and a half years,
the people of Nevada have had a front -row
seat to Joe Biden's evil and criminal
obliteration of our southern border.
It was criminal what he's done. Did you see the
other day he came out with a little play? I know,
let's make it a little bit tougher
because he's getting killed in the
poll. We're leading here by,
like, 12 points, you know that?
All we have to do is stop the steal that we
haven't made. Just stop the steal. We can't
let that happen again. Last week, crooked Joe
signed an executive order that is pro -invasion,
pro -child trafficking, pro -woman
trafficking, pro -human trafficking.
African, and pro -drug dealers. It's a
pro -drug dealer bill. It's weak. It's
ineffective. It's bullshit what he signed. Wow,
that's turning out to be like a deplorable.
Remember deplorable when Hillary said deplorable?
She said deplorable and that was
not good. That was not a good word
to use. This word seems to be catching on
a little bit but in a much more positive
way than deplorable. That was not good. She
actually said deplorable and irredeemable.
Do you remember? And I heard it and I said,
wow, that irredeemable is really a bad word
and it didn't catch on. What caught
on was deplorable. So what the hell
do I know about politics, right? Millions of
people will continue pouring in and they're
coming right through the border like
they have never come through before.
What he signed means nothing. In fact, it makes it
easier. In my opinion, it opens the border still
further. We have people coming into our country.
We're going to end up making, and I say this and
I say it all the time, November 5th will be the
most important day in the history of our country.
If Joe Biden truly wanted to sign an
executive order to stop the invasion,
right now all he needs to do is say,
I hereby immediately reinstate every single
border policy of a gentleman named Donald J.
Trump. You know, he doesn't need anything.
He could have done this. He's a little late,
by the way. Number one, he's late.
Number two, it's meaningless what
he signed, it's just a PR ploy as usual.
It's disinformation, misinformation, talk.
They talk, talk, talk as our country goes down the
tubes. Less than four years ago I
handed Crooked Joe the strongest,
most secure border in the history of our
country. We never had a border like that.
We built 571 miles of border
wall. It was unbelievable. We
ended all catch and release. We had the
remaining Mexico state third country,
and then we had also Title 42. You
remember everything was so good.
If this guy just, you know, goes to the beach all
the time, somebody thinks he looks good in a bay,
thinks, I don't think so. And he has that
little chair that weighs about like seven
ounces. It's been so children can lift
it and very old people can lift it.
And you know what? He's not old.
He's incompetent. He's not old.
He's not old. I know people that are
88, 89, 92, a man named Bernie Marcus,
founder of Home Depot. He's Bernie
Marcus is 95. I think. And he's 100.
You talk to him. He's 100% sharp.
This guy. There's just something
missing. And there always has been,
by the way, he always had the worst
and dumbest foreign policy. There always
has been under the Trump administration.
If you crossed our border illegally, we
caught you and we brought you back. We
took you back from where you came. It
was very simple. We had the greatest.
Think of it. All he had to do is leave my
people in place, leave everybody in place.
And he wouldn't be going through
this right now. I think it's
one of his many big problems. I think the
Afghan situation was the most embarrassing
day in the history of our country.
Actually, he has a lot of bad days.
I could name them, but we don't
have enough time. We only have
a few hours. We don't have enough
time. And now, by the way, it's 110,
but it doesn't feel it to me, right? So,
we'll stay out here for a little while.
If anybody gets tired, you'll let me know. And
if anybody goes down, if you start going down,
we have people, they'll pick you up right
away. They'll throw water. You know,
they were so worried, everybody was so worried
yesterday about you, and they never mentioned me.
I'm up here sweating like
a dog. Secret Service said,
we have to make sure everyone's
safe. I said, what about me? Oh,
we never thought of that. They don't think about
me. I'm working my ass off. I'm working hard.
This is hard work. Front row Joe, front
row Joe. Under Biden, the invasion is a
just a disaster. What's happened? It's never
happened like this. In less than four years,
Crooked Joe has imported more illegal
aliens into our country than at any
other time in the history of
our country times, maybe 50.
There's never been anything like this happening
to our country. They're changing the fabric of
our country. They're destroying our country.
They're doing things that are unthinkable.
This open border, so many bad things, but
this open border situation where you're
allowing millions and millions of people
to flood our country, we can't handle it.
No country could handle it. It's
not sustainable. The entire world is
emptying their prisons and jails, insane
asylums and mental institutions. They're
emptying them out into your state, but
they're emptying out into all 50 states.
They're coming in and there's no such thing as
a border state anymore. That border is so
meaningless. They just walk right through.
They go right through the so -called
border states and they end up in Iowa.
They end up in Idaho. Remember when Joe said,
it's great to be in Idaho and he was in Iowa.
He always does that. If I ever did that,
it would be over. They'd say, that's
the end of his political career.
He's cognitively impaired. Now, you know,
I had a second test. I aced it. I aced both
of them. Not easy to ace. Biden should have a
cognitive test, number one. They say it's
unconstitutional. That's a good excuse.
He should have a cognitive test, and before the
debate in two weeks, he should take a drug test
because I'm willing to take one. So, Nevada
is being turned into a dumping ground, and
you are. The whole country is being turned into
an absolute dumping ground for what's happening.
In Venezuela, here's a statistic that's
a terrible statistic. So countries are dumping
all of their criminals into our country,
right? And also, some people that are
not criminals but are not productive.
They're not going to be productive. They're
not exactly going to make America great
again. And then they're coming in
here in huge waves in the caravans,
and they might think I came up with, I came
up with a lot of good names, like Crooked Joe.
Used to be Crooked Hillary, I took it
off. Now we call her Beautiful Hillary,
because we don't care anymore about
that. We call it Crooked, because,
what was better, Crooked
Joe or Sleepy Joe? What was?
Okay, let's have a poll. I'll change it.
He's both, he's both. He's Crooked, okay,
wait, we'll do a poll. We'll go Sleepy first,
and then we'll go Crooked. Which is a
better name for Joe Biden? Sleepy Joe?
Or Crooked Joe?
So in Venezuela, in Venezuela,
they took all of their criminals,
a very heavily crime -ridden country.
They took all of their criminals,
and they dumped them into a place
called the United States of America.
They're down to about 40% left, and they're
all coming. I can't believe it took them so
long. If I were the heads of one of the many,
and this is happening all over the world,
if I were the heads of one of the countries,
I would have been totally 100% by now.
Their crime rate, they just announced, is
down 72%. So they're crime. So next year,
what we'll do is we'll meet in Venezuela
because it's gonna be a lot safer.
Unless one thing happens, unless you make me
president, in which case, you'll be very safe.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So last year, it's terrible.
You know, this is as far as,
look at all the fake news back
there. Look at all the fake news.
They are fake. They are fake. Did you see Biden
yesterday in Normandy and he was in France?
He embarrassed us so badly,
right? Does everyone know
that? He embarrassed us so badly,
it was terrible, just terrible.
This is not a representative for what used to be
the greatest country. This country is really, we
are a nation in major decline and we're gonna stop
it immediately. Last year, a father from Pasadena,
Texas came home from work to find that his 11
-year -old daughter was strangled to death.
She had been sexually assaulted and her
body had been stuffed into a trash bag,
thrown in a hamper. He came home to find
this, put under the bed, found his daughter,
they were looking for his daughter, everyone
was looking, she was dead under a bed, cut up.
charged with the murder was an illegal alien
monster who had just infiltrated our border
released by crooked Joe Biden came in through
the Biden administration you know it was very
hard to get in through the Trump administration
I mean you're never gonna have it perfect but we
had it about as close as you're gonna get we
had it we had the best border in the history
of a country we had the least drugs coming in in
over 34 years and now the drugs are pouring into
our country but they let this monster loose
to prey on innocent children he'll probably
have a lawyer he'll get out other people don't
get out they indict guys like Trump for not for
what the election was rigged the election was a
rigged election oh let's indict him for saying
that whereas you got guys like this you got guys
that killed people and they're fine they're just
fine now we're screwed up as a country we're gonna
unscrew it very quickly it's going to take place
very quick and then you had the horrific case of
Lake and Riley I got to know the parents well the
family well the young nursing student top top
of her class she was from Georgia and she was
savagely beaten horribly beaten killed and Joe
set loose this monster into our country wouldn't
have come into the country under us and then on
top of everything else when I met the family they
were so beautiful so incredible and Joe Baili
Biden couldn't pronounce her name he talked
about her in Congress and he was only forced to
talk about her but he apologized to her killer
for calling him illegal he called him an illegal
alien and everybody got angry at him so he started
apologizing not to the family of lake and rally
but he apologized to the killer because he called
him a killer this is where we are under the Trump
administration we will not be apologizing for all
of these people that are coming in illegally
because there won't be many people that come
in illegally anymore they'll come in but they'll
come in legally you'll be able to hire them and
you'll be able to work with them but we want
people to come into our country they have to
come in legally okay so with his border nightmare
Joe Biden is also waging an all -out war on the
workers of America especially African Americans
and Hispanic Americans and African Americans are
the most with this incredible illegal alien group
that's coming in and staying at our luxury hotels
and you know where they're being put up in hotels
some of them are luxury hotels and by the way just
in case you're wondering I got no teleprompters
and I haven't from the beginning these people
that probably means we'll make a better speech
no I got no teleprompter you know I pay all this
money to teleprompter people and I'd say 20%
of the time they don't work they don't work the
things waving around they can't tie it a little
bit tighter I'm trying to look at so we're all in
this together everybody we're all in this together
just a mess I had one in Ohio where was we had 45
mile an hour when she was there this is a front
-row Joe he said everyone this guy wouldn't be
incredible he's gone to 250 if he voted for Biden
he's gonna vote for Biden I don't think so I think
he it would be suicide before Biden's right and
then we have the wall like we call him the human
wall he's been here so so much and these are great
Americans you know they're great great Americans
but we had one in Ohio where that teleprompter was
like the sale of a sailing boat we had 50 mile an
hour winds almost 50 and at Bernie Marino I had to
go up and do it for Bernie and before I started my
speech as I was walking off as I'm coming down
the the runway walking off the runway onto the
stage the teleprompter has got blown to pieces we
had 60 ,000 people and I was standing up there all
by myself and I said we got a problem I got no
teleprompter I got no notes and we had one of
the greatest days don't you think you think Biden
could do that I don't think so and by the way and
Bernie won his primary and he wanted convincingly
so we obviously did a good job, but it was good.
And now I think he's going
to beat a man named Brown,
a senator named Brown. You have a good
man named Brown right here. You know,
very good. They have a man that's not so
good. They have a man that's not so good.
And I think Bernie Marino on a high is going to
win, but it's the same thing. So these things
are virtually useless, but I'll refer to them
every once in a while for those. It is crazy.
The illegal immigrants are turning and they're
turning at a level that nobody's ever seen before.
They're fighting our families. They're totally
destroying our black population. They're totally
destroying our Hispanic population. And you
know what else they're destroying? And for you,
it means a little bit less, but it
means quite a bit in this state.
They're killing unions. They're killing unions
because the unions are not able to survive.
They're not able to survive this onslaught.
It's making them impossible. They've worked
hard. They've worked long to get
their salaries up a little bit.
They're not able to. do it. Virtually
100% of the new jobs under Biden have
also gone to illegal aliens. Did
you know that? 100 %? And you know,
these people, these people are so bad,
they will correct me when I say 100%.
100% of the new jobs have gone to
illegal aliens. Can you believe it?
And that's where we are. Meanwhile, real wages
of African Americans and the workers from all
over the world that came here legally,
they're down 6% under crooked jobs.
I thought I'd be wilting up here. The
only thing that pisses me off are the
teleprompters. It's so much easier. The
only one that can't read a teleprompter
is Joe Biden. It doesn't help him. But I
thought what I'd do is I'd read if you want.
Should I do it? Should I do it? Because
it's about the border. You know, in 2016,
we had a great campaign, and it was mostly
about the border. Marjorie would tell you,
Marjorie Taylor Green is here someplace.
It was about the border. Where the hell is
Marjorie? Right? It was about the border.
Great. She's not from this particular
section, but they love her in the
section too. But it was about the border.
And I did such a good job that in 2020,
where we got millions of more votes than we did
in 2016, but I couldn't talk about the border.
But now if you look at it, what's
happened is unbelievable. What's
happened with respect to the border.
This border is 20 times worse. 2016
was terrible. But this is a different
league. This is a different level.
This is the worst border in the history
of the world. There's never been no third
world country has a border like that. And
no third, I'll tell you what, no third
world country. has weaponization where they go
after political candidates like we have either.
This guy can't get elected anything
without cheating. The only way he can
get elected is to cheat. And the
way they're using it this time,
because it's harder to go without the COVID,
they use COVID to cheat and lots of other things.
But this time they're using weaponization
of Department of Justice, go in to see
the local DAs, go in to see the Attorney
Generals to cheat. But the border is a
big deal. And this is somehow caught on.
So everybody wants to hear the snake. Okay,
can you hear me in the back? You know,
I wish the cameras would focus on the people
here. They never show it. They never take even
the sort of friendly ones, you know, semi, semi,
I say, my friendly, you know, the friendly ones.
I do a great show with Sean
Hannity or Jesse. or Jeanine
or Laura or somebody and we do a great
show or a lot of great people and then
they put on commercials that are
just horrible and they're false.
I say what the hell are you putting commercials
on like that I do a show and then they put four
commercials on it is so stupid and they
shouldn't be doing that you know they
shouldn't be doing that. The other side fake news
CNN which of course has no ratings although they
are doing the debate they'll get some ratings
for the debate they're gonna get big ratings.
So this is about our border and it
was a song written a long time ago
not about the border we made a couple
of minor changes but it's very true
and I think it's very true it's just
that happy birthday thank you darling.
Don't tell me that I don't want to hear that I
don't want to hear it thank you. I wish thank
you you know there's a certain point at which you
don't want to hear happy birthday you just want
to pretend the day doesn't exist but anyway but
there's still a big difference you know there's
still a big difference it's long long why my
father lived a long time my mother lived a
long time and they were happy and they were great
so maybe we're gonna live a long time I hope so
but we're gonna definitely we're gonna turn this
country around we're gonna turn it around really
fast we're gonna do the things that you've wanted
to do we're gonna bring it back to four years
ago and do even more way we you know people are
saying to themselves were we better off four years
ago or are we better off now and it wasn't even
close we had the greatest economy me in history.
What we did in taxes, nobody's ever
done. Even Ronald Reagan gave a big
tax cut. We gave the biggest tax cut in history,
the biggest regulatory cut. Nobody did what we
did and everybody was happy. And now they see
this person that he doesn't know he's alive.
He doesn't know he's alive. I
mean, I watched him yesterday
when McCrone McCrone's a sharp
guy. You know, he's for France,
right? He's for France. We're for this. And
Biden doesn't even know where the hell he is.
And especially in one particular instance,
that was not good yesterday. And
I believe that happened. Okay. And
he makes up stories. He said something about
me that I stood over the graves of soldiers.
Nobody loves the military more than me.
Nobody, nobody respects it. And nobody's,
nobody's treated it better. Nobody's done as
much for the military as I have. But he said,
I stood over graves of soldiers
and I said, these people.
are suckers and losers. Think
dead soldiers from World War I.
I said this was a made up deal from
a magazine that's failing financial
disaster by a guy that is a horrible
radical left lunatic named Goldberg.
They made up a story that I said this and
they put it out and it's been going around
for three years and it's it's just like
Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine,
Ukraine, 51 intelligence agents that phony story
remember the laptop is from Russia they said
and they should be prosecuted for what they
did okay they should be pressed let's see
what let's see what happens but they can you
imagine and now they took an ad use they know
it's phony they know it's false and now they
took an ad using it these are sick people and
I hope the I hope the military revolts at the
voting booth and just says we're not going to
take it they can say anything they're a party
of misinformation disinformation cheating on
elections open borders high interest rates on
high taxes that's all and you can't get elected
like that so they make up stories disinformation
a story like that think of it from a practical
standpoint I'm standing there with generals and
military people in a cemetery and I look at them
I say these people are suckers and losers now
think of it unless you're a psycho or a crazy
person or a very stupid person who would say that
anyway but who would say it to military people
with military because as president of the United
States I would say if I made that statement if I
have generals here if I have it I would imagine
that most of them would end up in a major fist
fight with the president okay and you know what I
would have said it was okay in that one instance
is no they made up a story they just out of thin
air just like a lot of the fake stories are made
up by these people because they're among
the most dishonest people in the country.
The fake news. They're dishonest
people. So they made up this story
and they go with it like I said
it. And you know what? Some people
believe it because they believe it. You
know, they hear it from these people.
They believe it. It's a shame. It's a shame
you can get away with it. But we have to
talk if we don't talk about this happened
three years ago. And my geniuses said, oh,
sir, don't mention it because nobody believes it.
But it just never goes away. I got to mention
it. I don't like mentioning it. But for me to
say suckers and losers about people that died
in World War One in front of military people,
it's not a possibility you
could say a thing like that.
So it's a shame. It's a shame. That's
why we have to win. We have to bring
our country back from this horrible abyss
because we're really we're doing really
badly. And this is one of the reasons
why, so this is entitled, The Snake,
on her way to work one morning, down the path
along the lake, a tender hearted woman saw,
a poor half -frozen snake, his pretty colored
skin had been all frosted with the dew.
Poor thing she cried, I'll take you in and I'll
take care of you. Take me in, O tender woman,
take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, O tender
woman, side the vicious snake. She wrapped him up
all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him
by her fireside with some honey and some milk.
She hurried home from work that
night. As soon as she arrived,
she found the pretty snake she'd taken in
had been revived. Take me in, O tender woman,
take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in,
O tender woman, side the vicious snake.
She clutched him to her bosom. You're so
beautiful, she cried. But if I hadn't brought
you in by now, you truly would have died. She
stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and
held him tight. But instead of saying, thank
you, ma 'am, the snake gave her a vicious bite.
Bite, vicious bite. Take me in, O tender woman,
take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in,
O tender woman, side the vicious snake. I saved
you, cried the woman, and you're so tender
and so nice. But you know that if I hadn't
taken in, your skin would not look so good.
And you would have bitten me, but why?
You bit me. Why did you bite me? Please,
please tell me why? Why did you bite
me? You know your bite is poisonous,
and now I'm going to die. Shut up, silly
woman, said the reptile with a grin.
You knew damn well I was a snake before I took
you in. And that's happening at our border,
you see, because we're taking in
people that are a disaster for
our country. So it's all happening at our border.
And we're taking in people at levels
that have never taken – this has never
happened before – ever, never, and
we're not going to let it happen,
we're not going to let them ruin our country,
we're not going to let them destroy our country.
So I want to tell you a couple of things, and
this is the first time I've ever made this.
Shut it down. Shut it down. Shut it down. Shut it
down. Thank you. Thank you. So this is the first
time I've said this and for those hotel workers
and people that get tips you're going to be very
happy because when I get to office we are going
to not charge taxes on tips, people making tips.
We're not going to do it and we're going to do
that right away first thing in office because
it's been a point of contention for years and
years and years and you do a great job of service,
you take care of people and I think it's
going to be something that really is deserved.
More importantly popular or unpopular.
I do some unpopular things too if it's
right for the country. I do what's right but
so those people that have jobs in restaurants,
whatever the job may be, a tipping job,
we're not going after for taxes anymore.
This will be ended. And I announce
that for the first time. First time
I've brought it up. First time
anyone's brought it up. I think
it's never been brought up before and
I also think it's very appropriate.
So we have a president who is destroying our
country. We have a president who wants all
electric cars in a very quick start. He wants
to have all electric cars. Everything has to be
electric and by 2030, that's in six years from
now and you know what electric cars are fine.
They have a problem. They don't
go far. They cost a lot to buy
and they're all made in China. Other
than that I think they're wonderful,
right? And I'm going to end that
mandate on day one when I get to office.
I met with the truckers over the weekend and
great Roger Penske is a trucker he's also a great
Indianapolis he won it 20 times can you believe
it think of how smart you have to be Japan Germany
all these nations they spend billions and billions
of dollars trying to win the Indianapolis 500 and
Roger Penske's won he just won it again he's won
it 20 times think that's the kind of brain power
we need that's what we want in our military and
we have people like that a lot of them is shut
out because the woke the woke stuff will be gone
within a period of 24 hours I can tell you and go
out and buy Pete Hegseth's book because he tells
you about it better than anybody Pete Hegseth he
wrote a book he tells you about the woke military
but I will tell you we defeated ISIS and they
weren't woke they weren't woke we have great
generals we have unbelievable not the guys on
television we have great generals we defeated ISIS
in a record time It was going to take five years.
They thought it would, I remember in why, sir,
it'll take five years. I went to Iraq.
I met with the generals. I met a general
Raisin Cain. His name was Raisin. His first
name was Daniel Cain. They called me Raisin.
I said, you mean your name is Raisin
Cain? I love that. I love you. I've
been looking for you. Anyway, long
story. You've heard the story,
but we knocked him out in five weeks.
It was supposed to take five years.
He said, we'll hit him from the left.
We'll hit him from the right. We'll hit
him underneath and on top, we'll hit him.
They won't know what the hell happened,
sir. How long will it take? Four weeks,
maybe you'll have time left over.
I said, how come they tell me in Washington five
years? Because they don't know how to fight,
sir. They don't know how to fight. We
have a great military. We have a great,
great military. So I'm going
to end the electric mandate.
We're going to end the electric mandate also on
truckers. So the truckers come to see me. They say
a truck going to California. They like that. Tell
them to make the microphone louder, it's terrible.
He just came up. Are the teleprompters not
working, sir? Not even a little bit. Great
job. And then I don't pay the company
that doesn't, right? And then I end up
with a story Trump doesn't pay. I don't
pay contractors that do a shitty job.
And that's a shitty job. That's a shitty
job. You can't read a word. But you know
what? It usually ends up that the speech
is better. It's crazy. Then they'll say,
oh, isn't it terrible? Trump
takes advantage of his contract.
Now, I take great. When I have a good contractor,
a subcontractor, nobody gets paid faster. But when
I have contractors that do this kind of work, you
can have them. Could you imagine if Biden was up?
good with the teleprompter. He's the
worst I've seen. But could you imagine
if the teleprompters were off? Here's
Biden. He's, oh, he wouldn't even say
anything because he's incapable. He'd
probably go pause, you know, pause.
How about when he's reading the
teleprompter and then they say pause,
meaning, you know, maybe you'll
get about three people clapping
and he goes pause. No, he just walked off
the stage like this. Oh, teleprompter.
This guy is the worst. You know, I
always treated him with a certain
respect. I hated the election was rigged
in Seoul and whether you like it or not,
big, big. We did much better in 2020 than
we did in 2016 got millions more votes.
Everybody knows that they said
if you got the same number,
we got millions of more votes millions That's
by them. That's by them But you know when he
indicted me over nothing They opened up a
whole new box and then I got indicted again
and again and again I was never indicted in
a period of this little tiny period of time.
I was like a I was like a ping -pong ball Sir,
they indicted you here. They indicted you in
Georgia. They indicted you in New York Then they
indicted you again in New York, sir and it was
all over I'll can I use that word again, but
you'll use it a Disgrace a disgrace and what
they've done is they've weaponized the Department
of Justice The only thing they didn't understand
is that we just had the largest Fundraising effort
in a period of one week than anybody has ever had.
Did you know that module? We Took in hundreds
of millions of dollars and much of it was small
money donors. What's called a small average?
$71 hundreds of thousands of people hundreds
of thousands of people Contributed that
they wouldn't have except for the court
case and our poll numbers are higher now
than they were before because the people
are Watching and they know a fake deal
and this guy can't get elected without it.
He can't get elected He's incompetent. He's an
incompetent person, but I never treated him this
way when I got indicted the first time and then it
was like sir You've been indicted again. I heard
they were gonna do it someplace else and they
stopped it They said don't do we're indicting this
guy into office The people get it normally when
that happens they go to the microphone and they
announce ladies and gentlemen I'll be going home
with my family and I'll be fighting for my name.
That's the last you ever hear from the
person We have higher poll numbers now
than we've ever had too big to rig. That's
what we want too big to rig too big to
Too big to Rick. That's what we want. I
have higher numbers than we've ever had.
We're leading this crooked thief of
a president. And I would never have
said that before. I didn't speak
glowingly. He's a lousy president
anyway. But I would never have said
he's a corrupt, very dumb person.
He's a low IQ individual. And he
always was. This is an age. He's
worse now than he was 10 years ago.
But if you go back 30 years ago,
he was considered the dumbest person in the U
.S. Senate. Ted Kennedy told me that himself,
who is a friend of mine, which is
shocking, shocking that he was a friend.
He was on a slightly different,
of a slightly different persuasion margarine.
But he told me that he's the dumbest person
in the Senate and he has been from day
one. How about this? On the documents.
They go after me for documents and
then they find out that Joe has ten
times the number of documents
in me. I said, you have to be
kidding. And they released him. I said,
I don't want to be released like that.
They released him on the basis that
he's incompetent and he can't stand
trial. I said, oh, I see. So he can't stand trial,
so they're not going to charge him. On 50 years
worth of classified documents, he's incompetent.
He won't have to stand trial, but he's
allowed to run for president. So think
of that. You have a guy that can't
stand trial. He's not allowed to,
by the U .S. Attorney, the
man doing it, her, Mr. Her.
Now, I've never heard of this before because
he wasn't incompetent. He was never smart,
but he wasn't incompetent 10, 15,
20. This is 50 years worth of documents.
So he got off, in a sense he got off.
I said, I don't want to be, I don't
want to get off like that. I did
nothing wrong. It's the Presidential
Records Act. I did nothing. You know,
we have a deranged individual named
Jack Smith. He's a deranged dumb guy.
He's a dumb son of a bitch. And what he
did, what he did, and I just want to get
off normal. Can you imagine, sir, they're
exonerating you. They consider you to be
incompetent. And therefore, because you're
incompetent, they're going to exonerate you.
I said, I don't want that. Let me,
let me be guilty before they do that. But
think of it. They say he's incompetent,
and therefore he can't stand trial. But he can run
for president. And this is what you're voting for.
And I never talked about this guy like
this. But you watched him yesterday,
and he is so bad for this country.
They're all laughing. Everyone's laughing
at him. The whole world is laughing,
except for the fake news back there,
that tried to pretend he did a good job
because they're fake and dishonored.
So, so we have a country that's in trouble.
We're going to end the mandate on electric
one day. They want to make all boats, too. I
went to a boat company in South. Carolina the
boat I said how is it he said it's a problem
sir they want us to make all -electric boats
these are boats that are from 16 to 35 or so feet
fishing boats leisure boats beautiful company in
South Carolina beautiful guy's been doing it for
50 years he sells hundreds of boats every couple
of months I mean really fantastic guy and they
use the mercury engines and different engines
in the back no problem they want to take that
out they want to make it all electric he said
the problem is the boat is so heavy it can't float
I said that sounds like a problem He said, also,
it can't go fast because of the weight, and they
want to now have a 50 -mile or a 70 -mile radius.
You have to go out 70 miles before you
can really start the boat up. And you
go out at two knots. That's essentially
almost like two miles an hour. I say,
how long does it take you to
get out there? Many hours.
And then you're allowed to go around
for 10 minutes, but you have to come
back because the batteries only last for
a very short period of time. So I said,
let me ask you a question. And he
said, nobody ever asked this question.
And it must be because of
MIT, my relationship to MIT.
Very smart. He goes, I say, what would
happen if the boat sank from its weight
and you're in the boat and you have
this tremendously powerful battery
and the battery is now underwater and there's a
shark that's approximately 10 yards over there.
By the way, a lot of shark attacks lately,
you know what I said? A lot of sharks. I
watched some guys justifying it today. Well,
they weren't really that angry. They bit
off the young lady's leg because of the
fact that they were they were not hungry,
but they misunderstood what who she was.
These people, he said, there's no problem with
sharks. They just didn't really understand a young
woman swimming. Now it really got decimated and
other people to a lot of shark attacks. I said,
so there's a shark 10 yards away
from the boat, 10 yards or here.
Do I get electrocuted if the boat is
sinking? Water goes over the battery.
The boat is sinking. Do I stay on top of the boat
and get electrocuted or do I jump over
by the shark and not get electrocuted?
Because I will tell you, he didn't
know the answer. He said, you know,
nobody's ever asked me that question.
I said, I think it's a good question.
I think there's a lot of electric
current coming through that water.
But you know what I do if there was
a shark or you get electrocuted? I'll
take electrocution every single
time. I'm not getting near the
shark. So we're going to end that.
We're going to end it for boats.
We're going to end it for trucks. The trucks own
a tank of diesel fuel. A truck goes from New York,
a big, beautiful Peterbilt or any one
of these schools. great companies,
they go from New York to
Los Angeles without a stop.
With electric, much of the truck is used, the
capacity for batteries. The batteries are very
heavy and very big, very, very big. Many
times the size of a tank that carries lots
of gallons of diesel. You have to stop
six times and you have to get charges.
There are no charges. The whole thing is,
it's the kind of thing that if your five
-year -old grandson were sitting up here
and you gave him a quiz, he would say,
don't bother with the electric. There's
another thing, the truck is so heavy,
because batteries are very heavy, the truck weighs
more than twice as much as a gasoline truck.
So what happens, a diesel, so what
happens is they have to fix every
bridge all over the United States to
handle the weight. Every bridge has to
be rebuilt because the weight is double and
triple that of a gasoline or diesel tank.
truck. And you say to yourself, who
are these people that are destroying
our country? Why are they? Why are they
destroying our country? Why is it that
they're destroying our country?
All of that stuff is going to end.
We're not going to have men playing
in women's sports. We're not doing
it. We're not doing it. The weight
lifter. You see the weight lifted,
they break a record by like a hundred and
a record stands for 18 years and they're
putting a quarter of an ounce on one side
of a barbell and a quarter of an ounce.
That's what it is. Just if they could beat
it by a half an ounce and they just can't do
it. They tried in the Olympic trials,
a young woman, beautiful young woman,
rather muscular, I must say, rather
strong looking, beautiful woman.
She gets up and her mother's in the front row and
her father's in the front row and her relatives,
everyone's rooting for her. Come on,
baby, you can do it. She gets up,
she can't do it. She can't, she gets up to here.
I can't, no mom, I'm sorry mom. And this goes on
and on. Nobody was able to do it. Then
this person that transitioned, lovely,
he transitioned, recently transitioned
and they said, do you lift? Not much.
Are you good? I don't know. I'll tell
you after I try. And he goes over it.
Did you see this? Boom. Bing.
Throws it down. Then he says,
why don't I practice a little bit up here?
He does it. The whole thing is crazy.
Swimming the same thing, running the
same thing. It's so demeaning to women,
but these people can only want to
destroy our country. Who would,
who wants open borders? Who wants
men playing in women's sports?
Who wants all electric cars? And by the way, I'm
a big fan of electric cars and you know that it'll
be a certain group of people. They're going to
want them where they travel short distances.
I'm fine with it, but you have to be able to get
gasoline, diesel, lots of other things or hybrids.
Hybrids actually are I think a
better, a much better solution.
You have to be able to get it. So we're
going to do all these things. You know,
basically the Republican party
it is a party of common sense.
It's a party where we want closed,
very strong borders. We don't want
drugs coming in. If you really want to get
rid of drugs, you go with a death penalty,
but I don't think the country's ready for it.
I would do it in a second. You know, every
drug dealer, every drug, and everybody here,
everybody here knows people whose family was
devastated by the loss of a child because of Fent
et al. But if you went with the death penalty,
you would have no drug problem in this country.
If it was meaningful, not a trial
that lasts 400 years. Like China,
I was with President Xi. I said,
do you have a drug problem? No,
he didn't even know what I was talking
about. He's got 1 .4 billion people.
I said, do you have a drug problem?
He goes, no drug problem. I said,
how do you do that? Essentially, he
said the death penalty. We catch,
they call it quick trial. They
have a trial and it's quick.
And by the way, isn't that breeze nice?
You feel the breeze? Because I don't want
anybody going on me. We need every voter.
I don't care about you. I just want your
vote. I don't care. See now the press will take
that and they'll say he said a horrible thing.
They'll say he said, you know what they did? I was
just doing a little imitation of this horrible,
horrible, worst president in the history
of our country. So I imitated him a
couple of times getting off the stage
because he's unable to find a stair.
Look, stair, stair, stair, stair, stair,
all over you have stairs. When he finishes
his one and a half minute speech, you
know, speeches last for about a minute,
never takes questions. When he does, he picks
up a thing and he goes, uh, let's see here.
Uh, uh, Jill of N B, uh, C. Yes. Where's
Jill? I'm here in a right because they
put her there. Socioretically, what
flavor ice cream is your favorite?
And then he picks up the thing. Um,
vanilla. Think of it, what they do.
You saw me in the White House. It was like
war. What they do is they give the guy the
question and the answer. They never did
that with me. He's reading the answers to
questions. He's calling a reporter
from NBC fake news, CBS fake news.
CNN, ABC. They're all pretty much the
same. MSNBC is probably the worst,
probably the most evil. They're
sick. These are sick people,
but they're all sort of the same. They're
all bad and they're all very dishonest.
So no, they know what I'm saying. I love
that. I love you people. What the hell are
you from? Wow. I've got to find out what
was the magic word that got that little,
but we're not going to let this
happen with our country anymore.
We're taking back our country. So when we
get in, it's going to go very rapidly. We're
going to do a lot of things. We're going to
look very strongly at J six. Those people,
there has never been people treated
more horrifically than J six hostages.
Look at yesterday, they're picketing
in front of the white house and they're
marking up the columns with red paint
that doesn't come off. By the way,
you have to probably sandblasted off. They're,
they're hitting red paint all over the place.
They're putting a red paint all over
statues of Andrew Jackson. One of our
presidents actually considered a great
general and a very good president, uh,
red paint all over the place representing blood.
They're closing up gates. They're
stampeding all over the place and
they can do whatever they want.
They can do whatever they want.
Nothing happens. Nothing happens. And
we're going to change that around.
We want to be fair. So we're going to
change that and we're going to change
it and we're going to change it
fast. But those J six warriors,
they were warriors, but they were
really more than anything else.
They're victims of what happened. All they were
doing is protesting a rigged election. That's
what they were doing. And then the police say, go
in, go in, go in, go in. How about scaffold Joe,
the guy in the scaffold, or how about the big
FBI guy or whatever, wherever he comes from?
Go on in everybody. Go on in. What a
set up that was. What a hard horrible,
horrible thing. And you know, that blows
two ways, that blows two ways, believe me.
And we don't want anybody doing something,
but what they did to some of those people,
they have yesterday a grandmother
who's 72 years old who was praying,
she was praying, and they arrested her for,
I think, four years or something, right?
Four years they put her in jail. It's sick,
what's happening. And I don't know why a
Catholic would be voting for Joe Biden,
because they have gone after Catholics at a level
that nobody knows what's going on with Catholics.
But they're going after Christians,
they're going after evangelicals,
and we're just not going to take it
anymore. We're going to fight and we're
going to win the election. Because
this is the most important election.
So what we're going to do is very simple, probably
in this order, but we can do. Three things at one
time and we can do a lot of things that first
week. The first thing we're going to do is we're
going to close that border tight as a drum and
we're going to let people come in but only legal.
The second thing we're going to do about
five minutes later, it doesn't take long,
we're going to drill baby drill, we're
going to get your energy costs in half.
We're going to bring down your energy
costs and that includes New England.
And New England has like energy costs
like they're in the middle of an area
that never saw energy. We have more liquid
gold than any other country in the world,
Russia, Saudi Arabia, remember this, we
were energy independent four years ago.
We were soon going to be energy dominant.
I was the one that stopped the Russian
pipeline, it's called Nord Stream 2,
nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2,
isn't it amazing? The biggest project
they ever had, they're building the
biggest pipeline in the world, it's
going to Germany and all over Europe.
I come in and I stop it and all you hear is, oh,
Trump was so nice to Russia. There is nothing
you could do worse than that. I stopped it,
it was dead and then I sanctioned a lot of
sanctions and yet I got along well with Putin.
I mean, it must have been hard for him.
He actually said, if you're nice to me,
I would hate like hell to see if you
weren't nice to me. And remember,
he would have never, and he didn't,
he would have never gone into Ukraine.
Israel would have never, ever been attacked.
Iran was broke. Under my administration,
Iran was stone cold broke. There was
a Democrat, Congressman the other day,
he was on deface the nation. Ladies
and gentlemen, deface the nation.
It's a horrible show, but they're all horrible.
Meet the fake press. They're all
horrible. George Slopidopolis,
does anybody know George? I saw him interview
in Cash Patel or somebody. Cash Patel, stand up.
Stand up. George Slopidopolis, no,
I saw him interviewing somebody,
just a nice person. I think actually
one of the people running for
vice president there, we've got a lot of
great people running for vice president.
By the way, who do we prefer? We have a lot
of good ones, they're very good. But I saw
George Slopadopoulos, the level of hatred.
The guy's just there answering questions,
the level of hatred. I said to him,
George, I've had you up to here.
I've had him up to there. But he is
the level of anger and hatred. I say,
what the hell? We want to have
a country with low taxes, great
education. We want to have the strongest
military. We want to have no regulation.
We want to have a border that's
absolutely powerful. And we want to
have fair elections. And the rest of it,
it's all common sense. And they hate us,
these people back here, they hate us at
levels that nobody's ever seen before.
And there's only one reason I can think of,
maybe two. They're either incompetent or they
hate our country. And there is a third reason,
and I hate to mention it, they're trying
to get these people signed up to vote.
That could be it too. And I
hope that's not it. And I hope,
I know your governor is working hard on this.
I think your governor, lieutenant governor,
and attorney general, they're not
going to let it happen in your state.
They're not going to let it happen. And hopefully
no other governor is going to let it happen,
including Democrats, but they do
let it happen. Because the only
way they can get elected is to cheat.
The only way, when you have open borders,
when you have high interest rates, high tax,
you know they want to quadruple your taxes.
They want to increase your taxes at levels
never seen before. I've never heard this,
you know, as a person growing up, politicians
always said we're going to reduce your taxes,
right, you couldn't get elected if you said it.
They say we're going to increase it by
four times your taxes. And they get votes,
they get votes because they cheat. They
cheat like hell and don't let anyone
convince you. Hey look, they
want to, they indict me over.
saying it. You know, when they said they won
in 2016, nobody got indicted. Maxine Waters,
look at her, what she says, what a
fresh mouth. But Hillary Clinton,
all of these people, all of these people,
but absolutely nobody has a problem.
But when a Republican said the election's rigged,
they want to put them in the electric chair.
You know, we have two standards and we're going
to change that and we're going to change
it fast. We're going to change it fast.
So we're going to run a country
and we're conservative generally
speaking in this group. But I'll tell you what,
we have a lot of Democrats. Who's a Democrat
that likes Trump in this room, in this era?
We have a lot of people. We have a, he
goes, let's go Brandon. That's great.
Now we have a lot of Democrats that are
coming over because really we're the party
of common sense. We're a party of common sense.
We want to have that strong military. We
have to. I totally rebuilt the military.
All of the things that we did, that's
what they want. The greatest economy
in the history of our country is what
we had, and people want to go back.
So I ask you to do this. Get out
and vote. Don't let them cheat.
You watch that vote and watch it all
the way. Don't let them cheat. Don't
let them do anything. There are
a lot of very dishonest people.
Now we had a governor that was obviously not very
good. Now we have a great governor.
You have a Republican governor. He's
doing Joe. He's doing a great job. The
only way they can beat us is to cheat.
That's the only way they're
going to. We're not going to
let it happen because we're going to
make our country great again. We're
going to make our country greater than
ever before. It's going to be special.
And the world is going to look up to us with
respect. They're not going to be laughing
at us. They right now are laughing at us.
The world is laughing at us. They're not
going to be laughing. They respected our country.
Victor Orban, the great prime minister of Hungary,
a strong country, took no illegal aliens, none,
zero, helps out with Ukraine because
their border. They're right there.
But he made a statement the other day.
He said, they said, what's going on?
The whole world is collapsing. He said,
the only thing that's going to save the
world is Donald Trump has to get reelected
as president and the whole world is going
to be saved because China respected him.
Russia respected him. Everybody listened to
him. He was the guy. He actually said he was
the boss. Everybody listened. And I'll tell
you, if it doesn't happen, you're headed to
World War Three. You are closer right now
to World War Three than you've ever been.
and this is no longer army tanks going
back and forth shooting World War II,
World War I. These are nuclear
weapons, the likes of which,
and the power of which has never, ever been
seen before. So, again, I want to thank you all.
I want to thank all the celebrities from being
here. And we have great celebrities. Marjorie,
thank you for coming up from Georgia. Get out
and vote. You have a big voting
day tomorrow. Get out and vote.
And you have some unbelievable people.
Just get out and you vote. and I will
see you soon. We're going to spend a
lot of time in this state. If we win,
if we win Nevada, we win the whole
thing. We win the whole thing.
That's so nice. Thank you. I mean, I'm looking
back there as far as the eye can see. Get out,
vote. We're going to make America great again,
greater than ever before, and we're
going to do it fast. Thank you.
God bless you. God bless you,
everybody. I will vote no fear no more.
Vote for Trump. Let's go. Vote for Trump.
If you want to keep America great, vote for
Trump. Let's do it. I vote for Trump. Come on.
Oh my God, I will vote. I will
vote for Donald Trump. Oh my God,
I will vote. Oh my God, I will
vote for Donald Trump. I can't
believe we find news. All I need is
a truth because we love our country.
We love it just like you. Economy. Life
is good. Because we love our country. We
love it just like you. Oh my God, I will
vote. I will vote. Thank you for watching!