# 🇺🇸 Donald Trump at Turning Point USA Rally in Phoenix, Arizona (June 6, 2024)\n# Channel: MAGNO NEWS\n# Upload Date: 2024-06-06\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NY6oOhea7Tg\n# Language: en\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 100.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:27:55\n\n================================================================================\n\nHello. I love Phoenix. We love Phoenix.
We've done well in Phoenix. I love this
place. I even wore a special tie, because it
represents the sun. It's nice and sunny. And
you got thousands of people outside that
didn't get in, so I don't know about...
I don't know if they're going to be so thrilled.
But I'm thrilled to be back in beautiful Arizona
with thousands and thousands of proud,
hardworking American patriots, which is what
you are. And I want to thank a special person,
Charlie Kirk, for his tremendous leadership,
as well as everyone at Turning Point
Action for making this event possible.
They're really helping with the election and doing
a phenomenal job. Also, we have a lot of real
warriors here tonight. And thanks to
certain members of Congress with us,
Eli Crane. Where's Eli? Where is Eli?
What happened to Eli? I just saw
him back there. Here he is. Eli's
doing a great job. A very non -controversial man,
and he loves your state, and he loves our
country. Andy Biggs. Andy. Thank you, Andy.
Great guy. A woman, I can't believe
she's leaving Congress. She would have
won by about 99 percent. But she's doing
something very important. She's going to
Maricopa County Board of Supervisors. And
she has my complete and total endorsement.
One of the greatest people... She was just
a warrior with impeachment hoax number one,
impeachment hoax number two
hoaxes. Everything's a hoax.
These people are sick. But I just want to
introduce a special woman, Debbie Lesko.
Debbie. Debbie. There you are. Thank you,
Debbie. Great job. That's an important job.
got to get them on our side, Debbie. You know,
they're Republicans, but they act like
Democrats. We got to get them on our side.
Another friend of mine, somebody that's
incredible. He's tough. He's strong. He
loves you. And he likes me a lot because
he's always fighting for me. Paul Gosar.
Paul, thank you. You got a good location.
Good. Thank you, Paul. Great guy. Great,
wonderful patriot. All of them warriors.
And sometimes it's not easy, I'll tell
you, but they are really something very
special. A congressional candidate
who's doing a really terrific job.
His election was rigged the last
time. I will tell you that, you know,
they don't like, they say, Oh, please don't
say that these elections. Let me tell you,
if we could have honest elections in this country,
I would have stopped campaigning two weeks ago.
We would have had it made, but we don't have
that. So we're watching it very carefully,
and I'm working my ass off to make sure we get
too big to ring. Too big. We want to be too big
to ring. You know, they get to be a point where
they can't ring it, so we have an expression.
Charlie and I were just talking. It's
called Too Big, Too Ring. Congressional
candidate Abe Hamadei. Abe, thank you very
much. And a friend of mine and a really
incredible woman who's worked very hard,
and she had another one of those elections.
The machines just happened to be
broken. Only the Republican machines,
however. That was a strange situation.
She had lines going back two miles,
and I'm sorry, sir, you'll have to come
back about 12 o 'clock in the evening.
The machines happen to be broken, but
she's out there and she's a warrior,
I'll tell you, and she's a very
fine person and a great, great,
she's a great family person and a
great person who loves our country.
You're going to be your next
senator. She's got to be your
next senator because she's running against
somebody. She's running against somebody
who's for open borders. You like
open borders? I don't care, sir.
You got to elect Carrie Lake. She's
going to be fantastic, Carrie Lake,
Carrie Lake. Thank you, Carrie. She's
incredible. She's going to do a good
job. The campaign is just beginning.
And on this day, we remember and thank
the immortal heroes of D -Day who landed
at Normandy 80 years ago, or 80 years.
I spoke to some of them today,
actually. They're the hearts and
they're in our hearts of this country. They
really are. They're the heart of the country.
These are great people. Greatest
generation. Thank you very much.
That's true. And it's really tremendous.
We talk about great people. These are
great people right before me.
And I appreciate you being here,
especially in these numbers, these
throngs. But we have a job to do.
We have to make America great again.
We're going to do it. We're going to
do it better than ever. And we are going
to do it better than ever before. We
had the best economy. We had the best
border. We had the best of everything.
And now we got to do it all over again.
We're going to do it even better. I
just went through a rigged trial in
New York with a highly conflicted,
and I mean highly conflicted
judge, where there was no crime.
It was made up, fabricated stuff. They
didn't want to bring the case. They could
have brought the case seven years ago. It's
only when you run for office they bring cases.
But they would have done that seven
years ago, think not in the middle of
my presidential campaign, where we're
beating Biden, by the way, by a lot.
Did you see? And by the way, right after the
announcement of this, more campaign funds were
given to this campaign than any campaign they
think in history. Almost $400 million. $400!
Now, it's never been, nobody's ever
seen, because they know it was rigged.
They know it's a corrupt system. They
know all about it, but with your help,
less than five months from now, and
we're going, and I'll tell you what,
we have to change the system. We have to
straighten out what's going on in these courts.
We got a rigged deal going, this whole country.
And we've got to do it, and those appellate courts
have to step up and straighten things out, or
we're not gonna have a country any longer. But
we're going to win the great state of Arizona,
and we're going to tell crooked Joe Biden,
you're fired, you're doing a lousy job, the
worst job, the worst president in history.
Joe, you're fired. How did he do today? Does
anybody have a report? Oh, gee. In a few moments,
I will be taking questions. You know,
he's gonna be taking questions. So,
I don't know, I'm not like Joe, tell me
who's going to, do you ever see that?
He's got a press conference that lasts for
about two minutes, and he goes like this,
he's reading the card, NBC. Jim, Jim,
and then they ask him a question,
and he picks up the same
paper, and he reads the answer.
They never did that with me. No, we're gonna
have people asking questions. questions,
whatever they ask is okay. Is anybody going to be
watching the debate with this character? You know,
they offered me this debate and they thought
I wouldn't take it because it's on CNN.
It's fake -tapper. Does anyone know fake
-tapper? They wanted it to be sitting down,
seated, and zero audience. And they wanted
to be short, also very short. And I said,
I'll take it. I'll take it. Because you know what?
They thought I wouldn't take it. Being on CNN
and Dana Bash is very tough to Trump. Dana Bash,
another beauty. So I have Dana Bash
and fake -tapper. And they thought,
here's what we'll do. We'll offer him
the worst thing that could be offered.
These two anchors, Dana Bash, fake -tapper,
CNN, no audience, nobody. Your children,
your wife, nobody can be there. Oh, that's
going to be interesting for him though,
isn't it? Nobody can be there.
And they want you sitting down.
So I said, I'll take it. They thought
what was going to happen is that I'd say,
I won't do it. And then they'll say, Trump doesn't
want a debate. I want a debate. We
should have many debates, frankly.
Really shit. Because we have to
find out why they like open borders,
where people pour in from, right Paul? Why do
they, who could like an open border? You know,
more importantly, why do they want,
we're the party of common sense.
As an example, it's big stuff. It's bigger
than people think. Why would anybody want to
have men playing in women's sports? Do
you see the records that are being set
in weightlifting? These are records that
are not going to be beaten anytime soon.
Maybe in a thousand years from now, but they're
being in and swimming and running and so unfair
and so horrible, really so demeaning
to women. Who would want this? I mean,
who would want it? We are the party
and we're conservative or that's up.
But you know what? More importantly, more
importantly, with a party of common sense,
we want strong borders. We want a
powerful military. We don't want
wars. We want to have great
education for our children.
We want to have low interest rates.
And we were energy independent just
three and a half years ago. And
today we're saying to Venezuela,
we need your energy. Please help
us. It's so sad. It's so pathetic.
We're going to lower your energy costs by 50
percent within one year. We're going to drill,
baby, drill. We're going to get
those prices way down. But first,
I want to talk to you about Crooked Joe's heinous
and criminal obliteration of our southern border.
You people know better than just about
anybody about the southern border because
they are pouring through your state at levels.
Nobody has ever seen before. Two days ago,
Joe Biden signed an executive order to
officially declare his formal approval
and support for the largest border
invasion in the history of the world.
So this has been the largest invasion
in history. We are being invaded. This
is not people coming in. These are
people coming in totally unchecked,
unvetted. They're pouring into our country.
Far from closing the border, Joe Biden's order.
This is his new order. So he's getting
killed in the polls. People say that,
look, this is really bad what's
happening on the border. So they
come up with something that's fake,
just like everything else they do.
It's all fake. The impeachments
are fake. The court cases are a
disgrace to our country. Everything
is fake. So they come up with this
order. I won't say it because I
don't like using the word border.
Bullshit in front of these beautiful
children. So I won't say it.
I will not say it. But this thing allows
millions of people. This allows millions
of people into our country. Joe
Biden's order is pro invasion,
pro child trafficking, pro women trafficking,
pro human trafficking, pro drug dealers.
And in all it's really they bring death and
they bring destruction into our country.
It's really pro illegal immigration.
It's great for illegal immigration.
It doesn't do anything. It makes it
worse than what you have right now.
By the way, if he wanted to close the border,
I didn't have to go to Congress. I had the best
border we've ever had. I had the most
secure border we've ever had. You know,
when I ran in 2016, I ran largely
on the border border was really bad.
I fixed it. And when I ran in 2020, I said,
I want to talk about the border and all of
my genius is that nobody wants to hear it,
sir. Nobody wants to hear about the border.
I said, well, let's talk about that.
Nobody did what because I fixed it. It
was so good. We couldn't talk about it.
It's pretty bad. When you do such a good job
that you can't talk about it. But they said,
don't talk about it. They were right.
Nobody cared about it because they fixed
it. The problem is this border is, I say,
a hundred times worse than it was in
2016. 2016 was beautiful by comparison,
but we'll fix it again and we'll make it right
because we're not going to have a country,
you know, without borders,
you don't have a country.
Biden's action this week establishes
a annual minimum of approximately two
million illegal alien border crosses.
In other words, he thinks he's getting
tough. He's only going to allow two to
three million people into our country.
Where do they, where do they come
from? Not including the millions
that will continue to pour through as
gotaways. You know what got away? Those
are unreported people. They got
away. It's called. They got away.
It's a good name. They walk into our
country. Nobody knows they're here.
That's not even including that.
Joe Biden is the worst president
in the history of the United States
by far. He is destroying our country.
The only good thing, Jimmy Carter is a
nice man. Do we agree? Jimmy Carter is
a brilliant president. Jimmy Carter is
a brilliant president by comparison.
His administration by comparison is brilliant.
So as an older man, not feeling
great. And he's a nice person.
I know him a little bit. Nice person.
But Jimmy Carter is happy now because
he says that his administration is
brilliant compared to Joe Biden.
Bill Biden is the worst president in
history. We have to win on November 5th,
which will be the most important day in the
history of our country. I'm telling you,
it will be. I used to say, in 2016, I'd
say that not with the same conviction,
but I felt in 2016 and 2020, I didn't have to
say we had a country that was just amazing.
We had the greatest economy in history
during that short period of time. We
had the greatest in history, the
greatest jobs, greatest tax cuts,
gave you the biggest tax cuts in
history, biggest regulation cuts.
Everything was good, but I'm telling you
that this election coming up on November 5th,
2024, is going to go down as the most
important day because if we don't win,
it's we, it's all of us, it's millions of people.
If we don't win, this country is
finished. I really believe that.
I think it's finished. In addition, Crooked
Joe's action dramatically expands the Biden
migrant smartphone app. Do you believe
this? He's talking about a smartphone.
He has no idea what a smartphone
is. That allows illegal aliens
to gain free entry to be released
into the United States at the push
of a button. Pretty hard. You go like
this. Ding. I'm here. Congratulate.
Welcome to America. Biden's order is
not a border security plan. It's a
concession to the fact that he has
lost control over our border. He's
totally lost control over the border,
and it's a really dangerous place.
He is conceding death, and he's conceding defeat
at the border. On day one of my administration,
I will be rescinding Crooked Joe's outrageous
executive order. And I will be slamming
the door shut on the Biden migrant app,
and I will terminate every single open
borders policy of the Biden administration.
as soon as I take the oath
of office it'll take place
it will take place on the exact same day
I don't need to wait weeks it's gonna be
done on the same day that we take together we
all take the oath of office okay the result of
Biden's action this week will be more innocent
Americans killed by illegal alien criminals
more children trafficked and sold into slavery
and millions more illegal aliens pouring into
our country and many will come through a very
beautiful place known as Arizona right Arizona
I tell you it's so sad to see what's happened
here right so said you remember you had your
Sheriff Sheriff Joe is he here I used to love that
guy where is Sheriff Joe Hey, Joe, come up here.
Get up here, Joe. Sheriff Joe. No
games. There were no games. There
were no games being played with Sheriff Joe.
I didn't know he was here. Come here, Joe.
I don't kiss men, but I kissed him.
We had a real border with this guy.
People said he was too tough,
too. Now they're saying,
where is Sheriff Joe? You know, he's 170
years old, but we want him back. Joe,
say something. I want to see your birth
certificate. He doesn't believe my age.
You think I'm 73. I love this guy. When
NBC came up to me and said, John McCain,
you're a hero. And I pause, because four
months before I woke up and told my wife,
and thank you, everything you've done for Ava.
Never forget that, never. Thank you
very much. So I said about McCain,
I'm not going to bam out soon. You know, he
still serves our country. But when I woke up,
I told my wife, I finally found the
only hero I ever had in my life.
wife and that's him and I'm
like I'm like the president
I'm not a typical politician we talk too much
sometimes but you know what you talk from the
heart unfortunately when you get in trouble for
that and what he did for my wife Ava I will never
forget it when my wife came down my wife used to
watch Fox who I never watched anymore except for
your guy and because she used to watch Donald
Trump and when I told Donald Trump about my
wife that she had cancer he's called my wife Not
once, seven times, you didn't have to do that.
So, all the media up there, you know,
they badmouthed me every day. I love the media
that badmouthed me. My polls keep going up,
so keep badmouthing. You're doing him a
favor, too. Keep badmouthing. So, anyway, Mr.
President, from the heart, and by the way, June
14, you and I, birthday, same day. Thank you.
Thank you, Joe. Thank you. Grab that railing,
Joe. You did perfect. You don't
want to pull a Biden. Thank you.
This guy did some job on the border,
you know. He wasn't appreciated,
actually, and now he's appreciated because you
understand what he did. He did an amazing job,
and good man, great wife,
had a great wife, actually.
And thank you very much. I didn't
know you were here, Joe, actually,
and I'm glad you were. If Joe Biden
truly wanted to sign an executive
order to stop the invasion, he only needs
to single think of it, a single sentence.
And it would say, I hereby immediately
reinstate every single border policy of
a gentleman named Donald J. Trump, who was
President of the United States. Less than
four years ago, I handed Joe Biden the
strongest, most secure border in U .S.
history. We built 157 miles, and some
people say 571 miles. We added 157.
We're ready to get it up. It was going to go
up to 200, and they didn't want to put it up,
but we built 571 miles. of wall.
We were going to add over 200.
They ended up selling. It was all made.
All we had to do was flip it up. It was
going to go up very quickly. Then we had a
horrible thing happen during the election.
You know better than us. And they ended up
selling it for five cents on the dollar.
Very expensive stuff. Just what the
border patrol expect. They wanted
steel. They wanted concrete. They wanted
rebar. They wanted 7 ,000 -pound concrete.
They wanted hardened steel. Very good
stuff. And they wanted the panel on top.
That was called an anti -climb
panel. I never liked it visually,
but I said it does work. We checked it.
The same guys. We hired mountain climbers,
can you believe, from Mount
Everest. That's pretty good.
And they couldn't get up when you had the
anti -climb panel. I'll give you these
little trivia facts. The panel on top. I hated
it because I said it doesn't look good. But then
when I found out they couldn't climb with the
panel without the panel, they had no problem.
I said, let's put the panel in. It looks just
fine. But we ended all of the catch and release.
We shut down asylum fraud. We had remain in
Mexico, safe third agreements in Title 42.
And we brought illegal immigration to the lowest
level on record under the Trump administration.
If you crossed our border illegally,
you got caught. We sent you back to
the place from which you came. And,
you know, they weren't allowed to do
that with Obama and Biden. When I first
came in, I said, you got to get them out.
M .S. 13. We took out thousands of M .S.
13 criminals. We sent them back to their
place. You had plenty of them here.
We got them all out. But I was told,
sir, you're not going to be able to do that.
Why? Because Honduras and El Salvador,
some of the other countries, they wouldn't
take them back under any circumstances.
They wouldn't take them back. I said,
what do you mean? We put them in buses.
They block the roads. We put them in
planes. They put big planes on the
runway so you couldn't land. They won't
take them back. How long has that been
going on for? Ten years, 12 years
has been going on for a long time.
I said, how much money do we pay
those countries? So we give them
750 million a year for economic development. OK,
you do see 750. OK. As effective immediately
inform them, they're not getting the 750 million.
That was in the evening. That was on
a Thursday evening. On Friday morning,
like early 730 in the morning, I got almost
simultaneously three calls not coordinated,
separate calls from the
heads of the three countries.
And I said, what's up? It's early in the
morning. Sir, we understand that you're
upset about something. Please, there must be a
misunderstanding. Understanding I said you won't
take the criminals that you send over in caravans
and they have a lot to do with it They put the
people that they don't want in those caravan You
won't take those criminals back and you're not
getting any more money from the United States
at all, sir There must be a misunderstanding
We would be honored to take back MS -13 criminals
It would be such and we started sending them back
by the thousands by the thousands But When
crooked Joe Biden got in he took the most
secure border in US history and he quickly
turned it into the worst border Nightmare,
I believe in the history of the world There's
never been a border where they allow 18 million
people and I think that's the real number
as of now 18 million people in April border
crossings were up 1000% compared to the same
month last year 1000 compared to last year.
And by the way, last year, it was
1000% compared to the abuse. It is.
There's never been any thing. A guy
like Sheriff Joe must be going crazy
when he hears this. If one person
got it, he'd go wild. One person.
How do you feel about tens of thousands?
How do you feel about millions of people,
millions of people in total? Crooked Joe Biden has
imported more illegal aliens than the
populations of 40 out of our 50 states.
And soon that's going to be a much
higher number. It could even almost
stop. I think it's gonna end up
topping. If this, I'll tell what,
if this guy got reelected, the country
is finished. Your border is finished.
You won't have, you won't have a country anymore.
It'll be a disaster just on this one issue. And
we're not talking about nuclear proliferation.
We're not talking about all the other issues that
he has no idea what the hell he's talking about.
You know, if you think about it, Ukraine being
attacked by Russia would have never happened,
would have never have just wouldn't have happened
for a lot of reasons, including the fact that
energy was much cheaper and Russia makes its money
with energy, basically, but would have never have.
Putin would have never done
it. Wouldn't have happened.
And it never did. You know, people said, Well,
how does he know what? Because for four years,
it never did. And what's China and
Taiwan? Watch what's going on with that.
Another thing, Israel would have never
been attacked ever, but I've never been
attacked. Iran was broke. Iran was broke. They
didn't have money to give out to Hezbollah,
to Hamas. Iran was broke. Israel
would have never been attacked.
And you know what else just had?
I could say 30 different things,
but just to add one more, you
wouldn't have had any inflation.
We had no inflation. We were down at
a number so perfect. And now you're
suffering with numbers that nobody's ever
seen before, and it's all unsustainable.
But The Biden invasion is no accident,
it's a deliberate demolition of our
sovereignty and of our borders. Somehow,
somebody's going to explain to us why they would
want this to happen. I guess it's probably votes.
They probably think these people are
going to be voting. And interestingly,
I don't know if you just came across
the wires, I'm leading now with Hispanic
voters. Isn't that good? So, I don't
know, maybe they're wasting their time.
Upon taking off his Joe Biden's
stop, the completion of that wall,
he instituted catch and release
across the entire southern border,
and he releases them in our country.
I had catch and release too.
You know what my catch and release was? I
released them in Mexico. How about the Remain
in Mexico? I started something that we never had
before. Remain in Mexico, and remain in Mexico,
you had to see Tijuana, it's probably the
fastest growing city in the history of the world.
Hundreds of, they couldn't come into our
country until we checked him out, and most
of them didn't check out. He knowingly ripped up
the remain in Mexico policy, which was not easy
to get. You know, when you go to Mexico and say,
listen, we want to have hundreds of thousands,
even millions of people standing by the
border on your side, they're not allowed.
You think that was an easy thing to get?
And I got it. And I got 28 ,000 soldiers
free of charge from Mexico. And I said,
if you're not going to give them to me,
if you're not going to give them to
me, you're going to charge you a nice,
big, beautiful, fat tariff of
25%, 50%, it'll go up to 100%.
And they said, we would be delighted
to give you 28 ,000 soldiers,
sir. And now last week I heard they want to
charge the United States billions of dollars,
billions just for the privilege of
sitting down with them and negotiating.
Can you imagine? Can you imagine? They wouldn't be
doing that with us. We willfully think of it. He
terminated my safe third agreements, a big deal.
Safe third is a big deal. He rescinded title 42.
People are allowed into our
country that are very sick
with disease that can be easily spread
and they're allowed into our country.
It's a big problem, too. You see that
he threw open the gates to millions of
fighting aged males from all over
the planet. You saw that 29 ,000
people from China. Everyone looks
like he's ready for the military.
So I said, are we crazy or what? What
the hell are we doing to our country?
This guy is so incompetent. He's so
bad. And the only chance they have is
all of this weaponization stuff.
They're going after everybody.
If they focus the same energy on making America
great again, it'd be I probably wouldn't have
even run. I saw such stupidity. And I won because
you all agreed with me. And the very first bill
that Crooked Joe sent to Congress was a plan
to give mass amnesty to millions and millions
of illegal aliens, even if we
don't know anything about them.
And you know, they take care of them, but
they don't take care of our vets. I had a
92% approval rating with our vets, the VA. Now
it's if Joe Biden wins this election, he wants
to turn every single illegal alien that he led
in across the borders into a voting citizen.
I believe that's the only reason
this is happening because nobody
could want it. There's no other reason
that this is a good thing. And for that,
you know, it's interesting. They cheat
so much. They don't really need that.
That's the way I look at it. So I almost
don't even think that's the reason,
but it probably is. By contrast, I want
to send Joe Biden's illegal aliens back
home where they belong. They have to go back home.
Because quite simply, Joe Biden wants
an invasion. I want a deportation.
I want a deportation. But after seven,
because it's not sustainable. It's not
sustainable. Look, there's Mr. Wall right there.
Stand up. Look at that suit. I love that suit.
I love that suit. You look sharp. By day,
he's a CPA who does very well.
Look at him. He's the greatest.
He's been to about 200 rallies, I think, right?
He's pretty close. That's great. That's cool.
Well, we built that ladder wall. On day one,
I will seal the border. I will stop the
invasion. And we will begin the largest
domestic deportation operation
in the history of our country.
I have no choice. We have no choice. Biden has
given us no choice. Under Crooked Joe Biden,
the world is emptying out their
prisons and same asylums and mental
institutions. It's emptying out all of these
places at levels that nobody's ever seen,
and sending us the most vicious
criminals, savage gang members.
Sadistic cartels are pouring into our
countries, loaded up with horrible,
horrible criminals. And they're pouring
into our countries at level, our country,
at levels never seen before. We've
never seen anything like this before.
And it's only going to get worse. You see
what's going on in New York where they're
fighting, they're having fistfights with
policemen in the middle of the streets,
fistfights. I've seen people get shot.
I've seen, like, fistfights. Those
are long term and it's horrible.
Nobody's ever seen and in their country
they'd be executed immediately if they
did it. They know that. But it's taken
them a little while to get acclimated.
You're going to have migrant crime added
to regular crime at levels that nobody has
ever seen before anywhere in the world.
That's what's happening. And I have to
say Arizona is being turned into a dumping
ground for the dungeons of the third world.
They're all coming in. In Venezuela,
crime, think of this, Venezuela,
next time we'll meet in Venezuela,
it'll be safer. In Venezuela,
crime is down 72 percent because they've
taken their criminals from Caracas and all
of these different places and they've
dumped them in the United States.
They're emptying out the jails all over
the country. All over our country we're
being affected and affected badly.
And all over the world, if you look,
the jail populations are at the lowest
levels they've maybe ever been at.
I mean, they're at levels that
nobody's seen for 25, 30 years,
and also mental institutions. They're
taking people out, very, very sick people,
and they're dumping them into the United
States. Congratulations, by the way.
They're dumping them into the United States
of America. The mental institutions throughout
the world, and I'm not talking about South
America. I'm talking about, in Africa, the
Congo. They're letting their prisoners from the
Congo, rough guys, come into the United States.
Congratulations. They're letting
people come in from Asia. They're
letting people come in from all
over the world. The Middle East,
they're coming in from Yemen. They're coming in
from all over. They're coming in by the millions,
and they're coming in from the
prisons and the mental institutions.
And can you imagine the money they're saving?
And can you imagine how much nicer it is? But
Venezuela, the crime is down 72%, because
they don't have their criminals. They're
taking their gang members in a rough fashion,
and they're busting them into our country.
And there may be, is there any criminal from
Venezuela in the room? Please raise your hand,
listen. There probably is, we
just don't know about it. No,
but think how bad that is. And I do it,
if I were the head of these countries,
Honduras, El Salvador, I
would do it in a heartbeat.
Anybody, it's all over the world we're talking
about. I would be, I have to say, I would be
the first one that would have done it. And I
wouldn't be having 50% jail populations. I'd be
down to zero. They'd all be in the United States
of America, getting money for all of the different
things that they get, they get cell phones,
they get hospitalization, they get education,
even though they can't speak a word of English,
they're taking the seats of people, and the
instructor's talking English, and they have...
somebody speaking, in some cases, languages
that we've never even heard of. You know,
there are a lot of languages that we don't
have here. We have nobody that even speaks
these languages. And they're sitting down in a
school taking a student's place that might be a
hardworking, good student, a citizen, the child
of citizens, and they're taking their place.
Our country is going to hell. And we're
going to stop it. We're going to stop it
on November 5th. Just this week, two
brave officers of the New York Police
Department — these are great people,
by the way, the New York's finest.
And they are. They are fine. They are fine people.
They're great people. We're shot in Queens,
Queens, New York, by a Biden migrant who Crooked
Joe released into our country. This monster
infiltrated from Venezuela and was quickly
given administrative amnesty by Joe Biden.
He got amnesty, along with taxpayer -funded hotel
room, which is a very nice room, by the way, very
luxurious, while he engaged in multiple suspected
robberies before shooting two of our finest
people, two of New York's finest, as we call
them, in Palm Beach County, Florida, last month,
and a legal alien criminal who Joe Biden released
into the United States was charged for kidnapping
an 11 -year -old girl from her front yard and
sexually assaulting her in the back of a van.
And of course, there was this horrific
case of Lake and Riley, who's incredible,
I met the parents and may be here, the young
nursing student, beautiful person, beautiful top
of her class, everything, from Georgia who was
savagely beaten and murdered by a bloodthirsty
Biden migrant allowed in through Biden after
Crooked Joe set him loose into our country.
They set him loose right into our country.
Instead of apologizing to Lake and Riley's
family, Joe Biden apologized to her killer for
calling him illegal. Do you remember that? Oh,
I'm so sorry. Oh, I'm so
sorry I called him illegal.
He actually apologized. He apologized to this
guy. And remember when Biden could not even
pronounce Lakin's name correctly in the probably
the worst state of the union anyone's ever heard
under the Trump administration, we will not
be apologizing to illegal alien criminals.
We will be putting them behind bars and
throwing them out of our country rapidly.
With his actions on the border, Joe Biden is
the ringleader of one of the most vile criminal
conspiracies of all time, aiding and abetting
human traffickers, child smugglers and terrorists.
That's what he's doing. They have no
fear. They know nobody's going after
them They can do whatever they want and that
goes with drugs more drugs are coming into
our country right now that at any time
in Our history times five or times six.
It's we've never had massive amounts of
drugs pouring into our country we fought
it like hell we were fighting and by the way
You'll never solve the problem without the
death penalty when I was when I was When I was
in China, I was with President Xi 1 .4 billion
people strong guy and We got along well until
covered and I said I said the hell with it man
it wasn't what they what they unleashed on the
world was incredible, but We got along well,
and he was going to stop the fentanyl coming into
the United States But I said to him you have a
first meeting a little naive question, but it's
all right not so bad Do you have a drug problem?
No, no, no. I do not have a drug
problem. No, don't you have any? No,
we have no drug problem. Why? Swift trial. I said,
what a swift trial. Swift trial. What swift
trial is, they give, they catch the drug dealer.
And they gave him a swift trial, meaning a
very fast trial. At the end of the trial,
if he's guilty, they execute him.
Every drug dealer. Every drug dealer
in China said, let's get the hell out of here.
Let's go to the United States, where you don't
even get a slap on the wrist, right? And I don't
know that our country is ready for it. And I'll
be honest with you, if you really knew the stats,
a drug dealer, on average, during that drug
dealer's life, will kill approximately 500 people.
Do you know that, Paul? 500 people will
die. Families, family members, children,
young children, girls, boys, parents sometimes,
too. 500 people on average. And when you
hear that, it doesn't sound so severe.
You know, we would set up blue ribbon committees
at the White House. We'd get socialites from
New York, even socialites from Arizona that sit
around the table. They'd talk about it for five
minutes. And then they'd start talking about
what restaurant they're going out to dinner.
These people are really tough,
and they're smart. The cartel
people, they run these things like the
best corporations in the country. They
say they run more efficiently. They know
how to do it. They're horrible people.
They're killing hundreds of thousands of
Americans each year. And when I mention
it, and I do it purposely, I mention the death
penalty. And without it, you're never going to
solve the problem. If you look at Singapore,
if you look at other the only countries,
essentially, that don't have a problem are
people with either really strong crime.
crime prevention, or countries with
the death penalty, and Singapore is
another one. They don't even know what
you're talking about when you say,
do you have a drug problem?
Do you have a drug problem?
No, we don't have a drug problem. Why
would we have a drug problem? We have
an unbelievable drug problem. We
lost last year, in my opinion,
300 ,000 people. That's bigger than
a war. That's bigger than a war.
And so many times they're young people,
and so many times it was a mistake. They
thought they were taking something else. If
you take the head of a pin and put something,
a little fentanyl on the head, if it's a little
bit larger than the head of a pin, you're dead.
You have no chance. And this
is pouring in from China,
and I had a deal with President Xi. He
was going to give the death penalty to
anybody manufacturing fentanyl in China
and selling it to the United States.
But then when the election was
rigged and didn't turn out right,
he didn't have to do anything, and this
group definitely didn't want to pursue
that. But we had a deal. They weren't going
to be sending the fentanyl into us anymore.
But we have to do something with Mexico.
300 ,000 people are dying a year. Those
are the real numbers. They like to say
100. They like to say 90. It's been
that number for a long time. It's 300 ,000
people, and it's probably more than that.
And we're going to have to take very
strong action, because we can't let
that happen. That's like being in a war.
You take a look at the Civil War. You take
a look at wars that we've had, where the
numbers are not so much more than that.
Double for the Civil War. That was a war
within our country. And you take a look
at this. We cannot let this stand any
longer. We cannot take it from China,
from Mexico, from anywhere else
we have to clean out the problem.
And the people that do it, the tougher they are,
the less of a problem they have. It's a very
simple, it's actually a very simple solution.
In addition to all of the Biden migrant
crime stealing innocent American lives,
Crooked Joe is also responsible for
more women and children being sold into
slavery than anyone else in modern history,
because we are so weak on the borders now.
We were so strong. This guy goes to
the beach all the time. You ever watch
him in a bathing suit? Somebody
told him he looks good. Oh, Joe,
you look great in a bathing suit.
You know, you're 82 years old.
You look fantastic. He can't lift the
chair. The chair weighs about three hours.
You know those chairs? Aluminum,
hollow aluminum. They weigh like,
they're built for old people to
lift and for children to lift.
He can't lift. Well, today he couldn't get up,
right? That was not good. What the hell
happened to him today? It's always an
adventure. He falls out of airplanes. He falls
out of helicopters. What the hell is going on?
But because of Biden's policies,
millions and millions of children
have been separated from their families and
pushed into the hands of... the coyotes and
the cartels. And you know, 88
,000, I don't know if you do.
If it were me, it would be the biggest story.
88 ,000 children are missing. You know,
think of that. 88 ,000 children are
missing under this administration,
and they have no idea. And unfortunately,
many of those children are dead, just like
many of the hostages held by Hamas are dead.
When they can't make a deal, you know, when
they can't when they can't make a deal,
that's a big problem. And they're finding out
that a lot of a lot of them are gone. A
lot of these people are gone right now.
But there's a thing again, it never
would have happened. October 7,
Israel, the attack on Israel would have
never, ever happened under the Trump
administration. When I'm president,
I will use Title 42 to end the trial.
And we have to do this. To end the child
trafficking crisis by returning all traffic
children to their families in their home
countries, and we will do it immediately,
have to do it. We will save countless women
and children from slavery and servitude.
You know, when you talk about all of the
people that are essentially kidnapped,
it's another word for it, most of
them are actually women. Most of them,
they put them in trunks of cars.
They have cells built in cars.
They close, it's 100 degrees
out, it's 115 degrees out,
they put women in there to try and sneak
them across the border. And they can do
it very easily because the border, we
have an open border into our country.
But most of those people
are, just think of yourself,
think of your family. Most of them are
women. The Biden border invasion is
also an all -out war on the working class
minorities of our country and it's a flat
-out economic warfare or an African -American
and Hispanic -American families and workers.
These people are taking the jobs of African
-Americans, they're taking the jobs of Hispanic
Americans and they're tremendously affected.
And you know who else is affected? It's unions.
Unions are being absolutely slaughtered because
people are coming in and they're taking those
union jobs and I think you're going to
see unions start to speak up pretty soon.
The illegal immigration is hurting black
and Hispanic families more than anyone
else. In less than four years, Joe Biden has
imported millions of low -wage migrants and
given them welfare, free health care and
work permits to undercut American wages.
People with jobs that have had it
for a long time are being fired all
over our country. Now real income for
African -Americans is down more than
6% under crooked Joe Biden. Think of it. So
that's the African -Americans are being...
And it's one of the reasons, by the way,
have you seen the polls? Okay? The polls
for African -Americans are loving Trump
because they're seeing... what's happening.
And criminal justice reform. And I funded the
colleges and black colleges and universities.
Nobody else did that. Nobody else even thought of
it. And what we're doing is we're getting
tremendous numbers, numbers that nobody,
I don't think anybody's seen before of
African Americans coming over to vote for us.
And we need those votes because we have to
turn this country around. Simultaneously,
illegal immigration is causing rent
and housing costs to skyrocket,
absolutely skyrocket, because we have 15 million
new migrants and we have no place to put them.
We have no place to put them. And
that number is building so far. We
have absolutely no place in everything
that he does. Joe Biden puts illegal
aliens first. He puts the cartels
first. He puts the open borders.
He's lunatics first. And he betrays the
American citizens. He's betraying the
American citizens. Again, I say
it all the time. He's the single
worst president in the history of our
country, you know, until I got indicted.
I got indicted four times. Can you believe
it? I never spoke. You know, I spoke,
I'm a politician, I guess, I can't stand
the name, but I'm a politician, I guess,
I ran, I won. The only thing I did wrong was I
beat somebody that I wasn't supposed to beat.
We won the election in 2016. And then in 2020,
as we all know, I did much better than I
did in 2016. We have millions of more votes,
but a lot of bad things happened. You know,
they use COVID to cheat, et cetera, et cetera.
But we're not going to let that happen again. But
as your president, I will put African Americans
first, Hispanic Americans first, Asian
Americans first, women first, men first,
people with diplomas from the top schools first,
people without a diploma that we had of all.
But basically, I'll put all Americans
first, I'm going to put them first,
because my loyalty is to the American
people. And starting on day one,
I will shift massive portions of federal
law enforcement to immigration enforcement,
including parts of the DEA, ATF, FBI,
and DHS, if you know what that all is.
I will deploy the U .S. Navy to impose a
full blockade, like I had on the cartels,
because when the land gets tough to get across,
they swing it out with the boats, and
we will stop that. We already did.
And deny them access to the waterways of our
region. We will put the cartels out of business,
and I will make clear to every federal
department and agency that we must use
any and all resources to stop this invasion
of our country, including moving thousands
of troops, if necessarily, currently
stationed overseas to our own borders.
We protect other countries, but we don't protect
our own country. Before we defend
the borders of foreign countries,
we will secure the border of our country. I think
that makes sense. But first, and most importantly,
because without this, it's only going
to go bad, we have to win this November.
We have to win. And remember, it starts in
mid -September, you know, it's early voting,
mid -September. North Carolina goes
early, Pennsylvania goes very early,
September 22nd in Pennsylvania. So it's
really long before the November 5th date.
But we used the November 5th because that's the
day that we will have a chance like we did years
ago. We turned our country around. We made
America great again. In fact, I couldn't use
that slogan. I wasn't going to use that slogan
in 2020 because America became great again.
And we're respected all over the world.
And now I can use that slogan because
our country is a failed. We're a failed
nation. We need a victory that's too big
to rig. You know what that means? We
need everybody to get out of the boat.
Thank you. And you know, it's interesting. We talk
about Second Amendment. I'm the one I just
got recently, the endorsement of the NRA,
which I appreciate. Very strong. Very
strong. But I was talking to them.
And you know, gun owners, for whatever reason,
don't vote. They really don't vote. Vote in very,
very low numbers. The gun
owners have to get. Also,
evangelicals and Christians
don't vote like they should.
If they would vote, we couldn't lose.
There's nobody that could beat us. So
we have to get the evangelicals. We
have to get the gun owners. We have
to get these people to vote. And
if they vote, nobody can beat us.
And if they don't vote, they're going to
take away your guns because the Second
Amendment is totally under siege.
You'll take away your guns. You're
not going to have protection. And
other reasons that you want guns.
So the gun owners have to vote. The Christians,
the evangelicals have to go out. They have
to vote. So I'm asking everybody to go
out, and we have to swamp. You know the word
swamp? I fired Comey. I fired a lot of people.
I fired a lot of people. We were doing
a job. But this is a different swamp.
We have to go to swampthevoteusa
.com. Swamp the vote. USA dump.
It's a different version of the word
swamp. I never liked the word swamp.
And then I said it. time at a big
arena, the place went wild. I said,
I sort of like it. I sort of like it. You know,
Frank Sinatra told me he never liked singing
My Way, except everybody liked it so much.
And then all of a sudden he liked it the
best. So we like the word swamp because
it's meant so much. But we have to swamp the
vote USA .com. That's where you go to get the
information to request your ballot or pledge to
vote early in person or even on election day.
The main thing you've got to vote and you
got to sort of watch your vote because these
are crooked people. You got to watch your
vote, watch where it's going. And if you
want to volunteer to help us turn out
or target voters in your neighborhood,
we have a lot of people that want
to vote for us, but they don't vote.
We've got to get them to vote. We need Trump
force 47 dot com Trump force 47 dot com. And
with your vote, we will end Joe Biden's border
nightmare. We will. Fire has failed and weak.
Horrible. the worst ever administration,
we will rescue the state of Arizona.
We will make America great again.
We will make it great again,
greater than ever before. And now we're
going to do something a little different.
You think Biden does this? If they
ask him one question, he just leaves.
They ask him one question. No, we're going to,
we're going to take some questions. We don't do
this often because it gets a little bit sloppy,
I must say. But they look like nice people.
But whatever question you'd like to ask,
it can be a horrible, embarrassing, vicious
question, or it could be quite nice.
I don't care personally, because it's
called we answer you. You ask a question,
we answer the question. Yes, darling, please.
Thank you, Mr. President, for taking the time
to answer this question. I am a mother, a wife
and a woman, and I also foster and adopt kids.
Growing up near the border, I've
seen firsthand how an unsecured
border has impacted my family and our
community. I worry about the illegal
drugs being brought into our community
and what could happen to my children.
What steps can be taken to reduce the drugs
being brought into the country as well,
and safety and well -being of families and
the community? Thank you, darling. Good,
very good question. It's a very basic question.
It's a little bit what we've been talking about,
but it's going to be at a level that we
have never seen in this country. Even as
good as I did, I created the safest border
in history. We're going to make it so good.
All Biden had to do is let the people stay there,
keep the same policies. We wouldn't even be
talking about this as an issue. And I think
in a certain way, it's. just one of the
truly big, one of the truly big issues.
We're going to make our border very powerful, very
strong. We're going to stop drugs from coming in.
We're going to stop this whole thing with human
trafficking, which is a big part of your question.
And we're going to make your homeland safe for
you to stay with your family, where thousands
of people are pouring in and looking through
your windows and what they're doing here in
Texas. And by the way, the governor of Texas
has done a very good job of closing it up.
But here, they haven't done that. They
haven't done that. And in California,
they haven't. 82% of the people are
coming in now through California,
Arizona. So we're going to have to
close it up. We're going to close it up.
We're going to use federal powers
to close it up. Thank you, darling,
very much. Good question. Yes, sir.
You're a good -looking guy. Look at
that guy. Looks like a banker from Wall
Street. You can see I'm an old man.
And I have grandchildren that I want to
see. taken care of, and I want my love,
and I want them to know that they can
have the same life that I have had. Wow,
that's very nice. What are
you going to do about that?
We're going to make sure that they
have the same. I could just see how
incredible you are by the emotion of that
and the way you asked the question. We're
going to make sure they have the
same life that you had or better.
We're going to make it safe. We
have to give authority back to
law enforcement so they can properly
protect people, because right now the
law enforcement is just not allowed to
do their job because crime is so bad.
Crime is so bad in the cities, and
one of the things I said is we're
giving immunity. We're going
to guarantee people. You know,
they lose a law enforcement person. They
go and stop people from robbing stores.
You go to some of these departments where
over 500 people walk into the stores.
They walk out with air conditioning. They
strip the whole store. The company goes
out of business. The store is vacant for 25 years.
The whole city becomes a slum, and if you
do anything as a law enforcement person,
they take away your house. They take
away your family. They take away your
pension. We're going to make it so that we're
going to give them, essentially, immunity.
We're going to make it that they are not going to
be losing their pensions. They're
going to be able to do their job,
and we're going to get life back to where I
know exactly the life that you're talking about.
It was a life of common sense. It was a
life where there was no crime. There was
nobody getting bopped over their
head when they weren't looking,
getting pushed into a railroad train or a
subway. It's just horrible what's taking place.
It's horrible. It's evil. We're going to
get it back to common sense. We're going
to have law in order. Thank you.
Great question. Thank you. Great
question. Yes ma 'am. Thank you
President Trump for coming down.
We really do appreciate you.
I'm in the unique position of having two
children that are in their 30s and a set
of girls in there that are teenagers. I know
what I did have to do with the 30 -year -olds.
I know what I now have to do with the
teenagers. I have trackers on those
girls and I've taught them evasive
action when driving through our
county because of the high -speed
pursuits of the human trafficking.
Who would believe you have to even
think about doing that? I've never
with the original two. No, I
know that. How would you handle
the criminal activity that is running
rampant because of this open border?
Because all of this is from this open border.
Okay, strength and we're getting them back.
We're bringing them back. In some cases we'll
keep them here. There's some real bad ones but
don't forget when we keep them here they cost
us millions and millions of dollars per person.
It's so crazy. We're getting
them the hell out of our country,
and we start with the criminals.
And you know what? Our local police
know who they are. They know their first
name, their middle name, their last name.
We have to give authority
back to the local police,
who are fantastic people. Thank you very
much. We'll get that stopped. And soon. Yes,
sir, please. Trump, so great to have
you here. Thank you for your time.
Thank you very much. I'm a veteran Air Force
individual. For foremost, I am a father and a
husband, and I find it frightening that
we have illegals crossing our border
from countries like China, the Middle
East, and other dangerous countries.
How will you prevent all this national disaster
happening at our southern border? So we can do
things that nobody does with this. And we have
tremendous economic power. And by the way,
if we're not careful, we're not
going to have that for long, either.
That's going to go down the tubes with
everything else. But if China or some
other country is behaving badly, we have
things called tariffs that are so severe,
Mexico, look at Mexico, what they're doing.
I can solve that problem. I believe in one day
you send people through. You allow people to
come through your country with hundreds of miles.
They have to walk hundreds through. By the way,
those those caravans, I thought I came
up with the name, maybe somebody else
to put their caravans of thousands of
people, the young women in particular,
but the people, but the young women
in those caravans suffer so badly.
And there's so much death, so much
death. And this is all caused by Biden,
where people think they're going to walk into the
United States. It's just another form
of death. We are going to be so tough.
And if a country is not going to behave,
we're going to tariff the hell out of that
country because one of the things, one of
the powers that we have and if we have to,
we'll do more than that. I don't
think you're going to need it.
I don't think you're going to need it. You
know, I had a very good relationship with China,
yet I took in hundreds of billions of dollars
from China. No president. We wouldn't have any
steel factories, any steel mills in the
United States if I didn't do what I did.
I was taxing them at 25 and 50 percent,
perhaps going up very substantially.
But we wouldn't have industry, certain
industry, they would have been gone. And
it's not only China, it's other. Every
country tries to take advantage of us.
The European Union is brutal to us. They
don't take our cars. They don't take our
food products. They don't take anything.
We have a tremendous deficit. You know,
European Union sounds so nice. They're very tough.
We have hundreds of billions of dollars of
deficits. We had that really going great.
Then COVID came in and I had to take care of
that. Or we would have had a country that was
1929. If I didn't pour money at COVID, we would
have had a country that was a 1929 depression.
We handed over a stock market that was higher than
just prior to it coming in. But we're going to be
very tough on countries, because you can stop
it at the source. If you stop it at the source,
it's much easier than really having battles at
the border, and we'll stop it at the source.
And I'll go back to President Xi
and he'll honor it, I believe,
death penalty for those people
that send these horrible drugs
into our country. And you'll see it stop
very quickly. Thank you. Yes, ma 'am.
Hello, President Trump. Thank you for being
here. Thank you. We love you in Navajo County,
by the way. Thank you. So, I'm a mom of three,
and when I go to the grocery store to fill
up the fridge, costs are out of control.
So what do you think we can do? We need to
bring those costs down. Got to bring them
down. We have the greatest inflation, in my
opinion, in the history of our country. They
say in 47 years, somebody else said
78 years, I say it's in the history.
You look at the cost of food, and you look at
the cost of energy, and you see where it is.
And I think we're almost 50 percent, you know,
they like to say 24 percent, 28 percent. It's
much higher. And they don't include a
lot of the things that are really bad.
I'll give you an example, interest rates. So
interest rates went from 2 .5 percent with me,
up to close to 10 percent, and you can't get money
anyway. But we have a very sick
country. It started with energy.
Now it's all over. Now energy isn't as bad
as food. It's not as bad as rent. It's not
as bad as a lot of things. But energy is going
to bring it all down. If we cut your energy in
half, you're going to see a difference, the
likes of which you've never seen before.
We're going to get rid of inflation, and
we're going to bring that number down,
not just where you don't have inflation.
We're going to bring those costs down,
because it's the biggest thing I hear is
people going out to the grocery store.
They make the same amount of money,
but they can buy half of the product.
They buy half. And it's the single,
I'll tell you what, it's the single biggest,
I even have that here. I have something here.
Huh, let me see, because you asked this question,
I think I'll show it. Should I show it?
I don't know if you can see it. Look,
tic tacs. This is what inflation does. This is
what inflation does. This is what inflation does.
This is what inflation does. OK, look.
Not good, right? But that's a kid. But
there really is no kidding. It's
serious. People can't live. People
that had a comfortable life under
Trump making the same kind of money.
We had many more jobs, and they had all
bounce back jobs. They bounced back from
COVID. They were going to come back. But
people that made the same amount of money,
they can't. They live half as
well because costs are so high.
Inflation is known as a country buster. It busts
up countries. It busted up Germany years and
years ago. Anytime you have inflation that's
not checked, not controlled, it's a country
buster and it's going to bust up our country
because we've never had inflation so bad.
So we're going to get the energy down. We're
going to get the food prices down. We're
going to do a lot of cutting also, and we're
going to make our country very livable. We had
almost no inflation and now we have record
-setting inflation and it's killing people.
Thank you, darling, very much. Thank
you. Please. Thank you, Mr. President,
for taking my question and you're talking about
energy. It's a perfect segue into my question,
and here's my question. Is this,
I've watched gas prices under the
Joe Biden administration just soar and we're
no longer energy dominant, as you mentioned.
Can you believe it, right? By the
way, to interrupt, we have more,
I call it liquid gold, under our feet
than any other nation in the world,
Saudi Arabia, Russia, but we
don't use it. We don't use it.
We don't use it because of these
people that are absolutely,
they're crazy. They're crazy.
We don't use it. Drill, baby,
drill. The man just had it. Drill, baby,
drill. Go ahead. And, you know, exactly, Mr.
President, I'm a pastor and I'm watching
the members of my church hurt over how much,
just like what you're saying, the
gas costs, is just to get to work,
go to school, and go to church.
And therefore, my question is this,
what are you going to do to help the everyday
American who could barely afford the price of gas?
And before you answer that, Mr.
President, I just want to say this,
as a pastor, scripture says, we're sin
abound, grace abounds, all the more. And
we want to thank you for tapping into the
greater grace that's going to eliminate.
and bring this country back into the
greatness. Thank you, Pastor Corrigan.
You could be my pastor any day. Thank you,
Pastor. I appreciate it. We can get energy
started. You know, you have places in
this country that are, you're very high.
Your energy is very high. But you have the
New England states that are the highest in our
country. It's crazy. And if they had a pipeline
going from Pennsylvania through New York, but New
York wouldn't approve it, if they had a pipeline,
they would cut their numbers down by 50 percent.
I predict, and I will tell you, I'm going
to get energy costs down to much less than
50 percent of what they are now all
throughout our country. And that's
going to have an unbelievable... And once that
happens, interest rates are going to follow.
Interest rates will naturally follow.
It's not as complicated as people think.
And I did it. We had no inflation.
We had the greatest economy in the
history of our country. And we'll do
it again, but we'll do it even better.
Thank you, Pastor. It's very
nice to see you. President Trump,
it's an honor. Thank you. I enlisted in
the Army Reserve because I love my country,
like many of us do. Right. Under Biden, our
national security is at risk with endless wars.
What is your plan to bring us back to peace?
So it's actually a good question. So, you know,
when I ran against Hillary Clinton, I
don't use the word crooked anymore. I
don't use the word anymore.
Because I removed that word.
I used it for Joe. I thought it was
more accurate. I had Sleepy Joe,
and I removed it into crooked Joe. I
thought it was slightly more accurate.
But we had a situation going with
all of these people, everything.
They wanted to do, they wanted to say that
I was going to create World War III. I was,
look at him, look at him. He's
a radical. Look at him. I was
a radical for not having wars. And if
you look at Victor Orban from Hungary,
strong country, strong man, he's a
very powerful man, very runs it strong.
He didn't take illegal aliens.
He didn't want them. He said,
I want my people to be Hungarian. I don't
want to have my shopping centers blown up,
et cetera, et cetera. And they asked him a
few weeks ago, they said, let me ask you, Mr.
Prime Minister, what's going on with the world?
The world is blowing up. You have Ukraine,
Russia, you have Israel, you have
all these places. They're in war
with each other. What's going on?
He said, there's one thing going on.
He said, Donald Trump isn't
president. If Trump is president,
it's all going to end. They all
respected Trump, and it's true,
and it's true. So they said that, oh,
look at Hillary said this. Look at Trump.
Just look at this guy. He's going to
go to war. He's going to take it. No,
no. Look at me. I'm the one that
kept us out of war. For 78 years,
it was 78 years until another president, look,
that's a long time, I kept you out of wars.
I totally defeated ISIS. I rebuilt our military,
and countries respected us. I
totally rebuilt our military,
and I rebuilt our veterans' administration. I took
good care of our vets' 92 percent approval rate.
So, we are going to, we are going to make
sure there's no wars. We don't want to have
wars. I call them endless wars. I call them wars
where people don't even want us involved. Now,
Ukraine's a very interesting case because
we spend hundreds of billions of dollars.
In Europe, you know, don't forget,
we have a little thing called an
ocean in between us. Europe should be
paying much more. Nobody asks them to
pay more. I asked them to pay more
for NATO, and they paid a lot more.
That's where they got all the money
because they were all mostly delinquent
other than eight nations. But they
would always say Trump is going to
get us into war with his attitude.
No, my attitude kept us out of war.
We defeated ISIS, totally defeated
ISIS. We got out of Syria. We got
out of Iraq. I got out of these wars
because I'm a big believer. I want
to spend our money in our country
doing our country's great things.
Our country, you drive down our
roads. You drive down our highways,
our country's falling to pieces, our
infrastructure's falling. And then
these guys, all they want to do is
spend money on the green new scam.
It's a green new scam. I mean the
things they're spending money on,
it's like throwing the money out the window.
And we don't want to do that. We want to fix
our roads and highways. We want to get
rid of the electric mandate for the car.
How about that? They have hundreds of
thousands of cars right now. And by the way,
I'm a big fan of electric cars. I'm a
fan of Elon. I like Elon, but you know,
I like him. And I think a lot of people
are going to want to buy electric cars.
But if you want to buy a different type of car,
you're going to have to have a choice. Some
people need to go far. Some people don't
want their car built in China. Some people,
you know, there are advantages to others.
And basically what people have
to have a choice. And you know
what? You have to have a choice
also in education. You're going
to have choice in education and you're
going to have choice in what you buy.
And that has to do with electric. The
electric cars don't go far. And by the way,
they're incredible. He does an incredible
job with Tesla. But and I tell him, I said,
you know, and I think he agrees
with me, frankly, but you can't.
They don't go far. Same thing with
the trucking industry. I met with
the trucking industry the other night.
They said they want us to switch to
electric trucks. They have to stop six times
going to California with a load of diesel.
They don't have to stop at all. How the
hell can you do that? You're going to
destroy our supply chain. You're
going to destroy everything. You
put everybody out of business. So we are
going to do things based on common sense.
We're not going to allow men to play
in women's sports. We're not going
to allow people to pour into our
country. We're going to get your
taxes weighed down. We're going
to save your social security.
We're going to save social security. Biden
is putting your social security at risk by
allowing all of these people to pour into
our country. It's at big risk and we're
not going to stand for that. He is very,
he is putting social security at risk.
With me, your social security
is 100% safe. Okay. Please.
Mr. President, thank you for taking
our question. Thank you. I'm a retired
vet who had to close down my business
because of the disastrous Biden economy.
It's been tough. What's your plan to make
sure other small businesses don't go through
the same grinder? Well, they have to and you
know, it's it's incredible. We had it going
and I poured money in To our country and I'm
sure you were a beneficiary at the time But
I poured money in to keep those businesses
going and to keep people employed because
of the COVID we covered was a disaster And
we were able to get through that and we got
through without going into a depression But with
Biden, he's spending money on the wrong things.
He's not spending money on you. He's
spending money on things that don't
work He's got the most expensive forms of
energy ever where everything subsidized
He's got windmills all over the place
every time you see a windmill going up.
You need tremendous subsidy now It kills
your birds it ruins your landscape ruins
the value if you have a house and you can
see a windmill your house Is worth half but
it's also the most expensive energy there is
and we have to get back to the basics And we
have to be able to help people like you not
to help his friends who make all this crap
and much of it's made And you know a lot
of it's made most of it's made in China.
It's made in China There's something going on why
somebody would want to do these things where the
product is made in China That goes for electric
cars too, by the way But the windmills are all
made in China and some in Germany, but most of
them are made in China What the hell are we doing?
Right? We'll take care of you you watch.
Thank you I understand exactly what you're
saying. Just hang in Yes, sir Mr. President.
Thank you very much. My name is Jorge Rivas.
It's really up an honor Thank you to
be talking to you again and real quick.
My wife Betty would like to say hi to
you Let's look at her Thank you Betty,
thank you very much Latinos really do
love you mr. President and I do mean that
Thank you Thank you very much. And besides
loving you, we're also praying for you, Mr.
President. You'll be all right. Thank you
very much. Very nice. My wife and I own a
small restaurant in Tucson, Arizona,
Sammy's Mexican Grill. And since the
pathetic Joe Biden administration took over,
the prices of everything that we use doubled
just a couple of months after they took over.
So would you be helping us out? And
is there going to be some drill,
baby drill? You know what's so
interesting about it? When you
were going through questions and I have time.
What the hell else do we have to do today?
Let's stay right. But I have time. But you know,
do you notice that the questions are basically
about the border? Think of it. All these quite
almost everyone about the border, they want border
security and they also want help or inflation
because you're getting killed with inflation.
The price of bacon has gone up five
times. You can't order bacon. I don't
order it anymore. It's too expensive. But
bacon, as an example, has really eggs,
all of this stuff. It's gone up at
levels that nobody has ever seen before.
But I believe the energy is going to bring
it down. I think we can bring it down. And
then once it starts that spiral, it's going
to be a beautiful thing. Because you know,
when they say we're 4% now, they're not
including the fact that you might be 45,
50% higher than you were four years ago.
So it's not 4%. We have to get it
down. We have to bring it down.
The best way that we can bring
it down is with interest rates
and energy. And the interest rates
are going to follow the energy down.
And that's going to follow the bacon and
the eggs down. Okay? Thank you. And you
have a beautiful wife. Thank
you. Thank you. I love that.
I like that hat. Thank you. Thank
you very much. Good afternoon, Mr.
President. It's an honor to stand before
you. Thank you. It's my honor. Thank you,
sir. Thank you. My name is Jose, and I own a small
business that provides services for
special needs children and adults.
And thank you so much. And I have a question
for you this afternoon. Time and time again,
we come across paying American citizen
families that are denied services that
their child requires, while on the other
hand, we see others rushing across the
border freely and easily receiving,
sir, easily receiving assistance.
What will you do, Mr. President, about
the influx in immigration strain resources
because of this widespread and open border,
sir? So we have to get them out. But look,
it's not sustainable for us to have 20
million people that we have to take care of.
And it's just not sustainable. And
their countries, I know the leaders,
I know them. just about all. Their countries
are doing this because they're smart. I would
be the leader of the pack. If I ran Honduras,
if I ran El Salvador, if I ran some of these
countries that are sending vast numbers of
people, I would be emptying out our prisons.
I'd say, listen, send them to those stupid
people in the United States who are led by
idiots. Send them into the United
States. Let's have empty prisons
and let's never let them come back in.
You know, Venezuela said the other day
that we're never allowing the people that
they sent out to come back into Venezuela.
OK, that's not going to happen.
But they said that so they they
are sending them out and they're saying you
can never come back because they're letting
the bad people. We're going to stop that and
we're going to deport and we have no choice.
You know Dwight Eisenhower was so far
the biggest reporter. He was president
that hated to see what was happening. He had a lot
of people pouring into our country and
was really hurting our country badly.
And in many cases, people would say
destroying our country because they
were just coming in. Nothing like what
you're witnessing today, by the way.
But he did very big deportation
and very successful deportation.
If we had a choice, it would be nice
not to have to do we have to do it,
because this is not sustainable for you
or for any other business in this room.
It's not sustainable for our country. So we're
going to deport and we're going to get it back.
And we're going to bring our country back
and we're going to make our country bigger
and better and stronger than ever
before. Thank you very much. Hello,
Mr. President. My name is Jeanette
Garcia. I am an Army combat veteran,
a prior federal police officer
here at Luke Air Force Base.
I've seen a fair share of challenges in
my life. I'm a domestic violence survivor,
as well as a sexual assault. I'm a
single mother and the crime rates
rising. I'm really worried about the
safety of our communities and families.
What specific steps are you planning to take
to tackle and make our community safe again?
We have to back our police. We have to
back law enforcement. We have to give
them back their respect and their honor
and their dignity and their great people.
We have to do it. And the people that
are most affected are really the minority
communities. Those are the people that
are most affected. And I really think
that's one of the reasons we have so many
African -American people supporting us.
Nobody's ever seen anything.
They're leaving the Democrats
in numbers that nobody's ever seen
before, because you know what? They
have to be safe. They have to be safe.
Thank you. That's a great, great point.
Thank you. Please. It's a beautiful baby. Thank
you. Can't do better than that. That's beautiful.
Go ahead. Thank you. Hi, Mr. President. My
name is Emily. This is my daughter, Felicity.
We live in northern Arizona.
It's beautiful and, you know, cool. quiet and
nice and everything, but, you know, it's also
in a rural area. My concern is that the nearest
equipped trauma hospital is over an hour and
a half away. What can your administration do to
give rural Americans better access to hospitals?
Well, we're going to be helping rural America.
You know, rural America votes for Trump. There's
nobody going to take that away, and we'll be
helping. They've been building. We started a
process for building hospitals and other things in
rural America, and I'm going to keep that going.
They ended it in the Biden
administration, as you know,
but we're going to keep that going. Rural
America. Look, it's the backbone. It's the
heart of our country. We'll take care
of it. Okay. Just you just hang in.
We'll get it done. Thank you. Okay. How about
one more? If it's a good one, we'll end in a good
one. Always end on a good one. Got to follow the
baby. So we don't know about that. That's right.
So I'm an advocate for many senior citizens,
and they are struggling financially.
There are social security checks that do
not make it through the month. They have
to sometimes pick between food and
medication. They're concerned that
they're not going to be able to
survive four more years of Biden.
What can you say today to give them
some hope and encouragement? Vote for
Trump. Because they won't survive
through Biden. I think that's a
good question. Thank you. That was
a very good question. Thank you.
So we'll just end by saying it's been
an honor to be with you. So interesting,
though, everything was about the border
and about inflation and the economy. It's
incredible. And every question, some of it sounded
repetitive, but it wasn't really repetitive.
It was just from the heart. And frankly,
it very much is about the border. Are
the borders destroying our country? We're
being destroyed in many ways. We're not
respected in the outside of our country.
I say we have the enemy in from within and we have
the enemy from the outside. And I'm telling you,
we are in more danger from the enemy
from within with these lunatics,
these fascists, these communists.
And we're going to stop that also. But it
was so interesting to get those questions
because they all concerned the economy,
inflation and the border. And we're going
to take care of it all. We're going to
make America greater than ever before.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank
you. Thank you very much. Great. No fear,
no more. Vote for Trump Let's go Vote for Trump
If you wanna keep America free Vote for Trump
Let's do it I vote for Trump Come on Oh my God, I
will vote I will vote Oh yeah What's on a trunk?
Vote for Trump Oh my God, I will vote
Oh my God I will vote Part on a trunk
I don't believe in fake news All I need
is a truth Because we love our country
We love it just like you Economy Part
Trump Life is good Part Trump Because
we love our country We love it just like
you Oh my God, I will vote I will vote you