# 🇺🇸 Donald Trump | Full Speech at Rally in Racine, Wisconsin (Subtitles) [Multilanguage CC]\n# Channel: MAGNO NEWS\n# Upload Date: 2024-06-19\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjCYUNEiQGA\n# Language: en\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 100.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:30:22\n\n================================================================================\n\nThank you very much. Wow. Oh, and you know.
I love Milwaukee. I was the one that
picked Milwaukee, I have to tell you.
I was the one that picked it.
These lying people that they say,
oh, he doesn't like Milwaukee.
I love Milwaukee. I said,
you got to fix the crime.
We all know that. You got to
make sure the election's on us.
But I'm the one that picked
Milwaukee and the Democrats
or the radical left lunatics, as I call them.
What they say is just so terrible.
They lie, lie, lie.
They have a horrible candidate.
They have a candidate that has no
clue, doesn't know where he is.
And all they can do is lie. I love it. I'm
the one that picked Milwaukee, officially.
So, and you had and I think you
had about 10 congressmen in a
meeting that we had recently where
I said how much I like Milwaukee.
They all came out. They said that's what he said.
We can't help it. And they're truthful people.
But I just want to begin
by saying hello, Wisconsin.
Hello. Great state. I've had great.
We've had great success here.
It's great to be back in this beautiful state with
thousands and thousands of proud,
hardworking American patriots.
What a crowd. What a crowd with your help.
Five months from now, we're
going to win Wisconsin.
We're going to defeat your
radical left Democrat senator.
What are the worst? What
are the worst in the Senate?
Nobody even knows she's a senator. I mean,
frankly, she's not doing a good job representing.
We have somebody that's going to be great. So but
we're going to defeat your senator, Tammy Baldwin.
We're going to we're going to
elect Eric of of this area,
by the way, who's a great gentleman
and spent a lot of time with him.
He and his wife are incredible people.
He's going to be a great representative.
They're going to be great
representatives of your state.
But we're going to elect him to the US Senate.
We're going to evict week failed
and incompetent Joe Biden.
He's an incompetent person.
The White House..
And quite simply, we are going
to make America great again.
Less than four years ago, our border was secure.
Inflation was nowhere to be seen.
The world was at peace.
And America was strong and respected.
We were respected all over the world.
None of this stuff would have been
happening that's happened now with
Russia and Ukraine and the attack on Israel.
None of it would have been happening.
We would have had a and we
wouldn't have had a thing
called inflation that would have been nice too.
But it was a different place four years ago.
Think but now we're going to make it better
and bigger and stronger than ever before.
But you had a president who put
America first. I put America first.
They don't put they put America
last under crooked Joe Biden.
The world is in flames. Our border is overrun.
Inflation is raging. Europe is in total chaos.
The Middle East is exploding. Iran is emboldened.
China is on the march.
And the worst, most incompetent,
most corrupt president in history is
going to drag us into World War Three.
Other than that, he's doing quite
a good job, don't you think?
Joe Biden is humiliating our
country on the world stage.
He's actually humiliating us.
You'd saw what happened this this weekend.
It's turning the United States into
a total joke all over the world.
First, he wandered off the G7 in Europe.
He the stage. He looked like he didn't know where
the hell he was, but he didn't know where he was.
He's blaming it now on AI.
He's saying he doesn't know
what AI is, but that's OK.
Now they're saying the media is manipulating.
Oh, he's saying the media is
manipulating now on that one.
I have to stick up for the media.
I have to tell you, he said
the media is manipulating the
pictures of him constantly not
knowing where the hell he is.
They're doing just the opposite.
They're making him look
better at the G7 in Europe.
And he had to be rescued by other
world leaders and pull him back.
Then he bizarrely put his
face on the pope's forehead.
What was that all about? That was weird.
Vivek is here. That was weird, Vivek.
I don't know. Did you see
the Pope? The Pope is like...
What's happening? The pope didn't really
know what was happening. He said, this is
strange. Then he froze during the celebration
on the White House lawn. Then Barack Hussein
Obama had to grab his hand and lead him
off the stage as though he were a child.
I have to tell you, Obama could have
handled that different, you know,
differently. He could have done it a little bit
softer. He could have done it like, let's go.
Let's go. Go.
didn't have to grab him and pull him off the
stage, but, you know, but he looked good. And
I guess that was his primary purpose. He
wanted to look good. He could have done
a better job. In fact, the the Biden people
were very upset about that whole incident.
But, you know, yet to be yet to be
discussed. But Crooked Joe and his
handlers are insisting he's sharper
than ever. And they say the videos of
Crooked Joe shuffling around are clean
fakes. You know what a clean fake is?
They're deceptively edited. They say
they're deceptively edited. All of
the mistakes that he's made every day. He
can't go anywhere without a mistake. Now,
if I'm perfect, they say he made a mistake.
He did perfect. And I don't say
clean fakes, although they do.
They do that. They do that. They're the
fake news. Look how many you have out
Yeah, they're all over the.
place.
Bye.
But with me, they take a good
speech and they make it look as
bad as possible with him. They take
the worst speech you've ever heard,
and they try and make them look like
semi -normal. These are shameless liars
who are trying to deceive you about other
people, the people that represent Biden.
They're shameless liars. They're
the Russia, Russia, Russia people,
the laptop from hell people, the 51
intelligence agent people. They're
the people that said all sorts of lies
about military, about our great military.
They make up stories about our military.
It's disgraceful what they can do,
and they're so destructive to
our country. They're the people
that really destroy everything that
they touch. That's why this November,
the people of Wisconsin are going to tell
Crooked Joe Biden, remember, The Apprentice.
you're fired. Get out. You've done a horrible
job. You've done a horrible, horrible job.
The worst president in history,
get out, you're fired, get out.
We can't get him out fast enough. I'm
worried about the next five months,
we could end up in World War Three with
this person. He's the worst president ever.
The Biden administration has been
nonstop, he has been a catastrophe,
it's been a nonstop catastrophe.
But one of Crooked Joe's most
destructive moves yet is the lawless
executive action he is taking today.
You've been reading in the middle of the
largest border invasion in world history.
There's never been a border in the world that's
like this border that we have where probably 17,
18 million people by now have
entered our country illegally.
Joe Biden's forming, granting mass
thing. He's going to formally grant
a mass amnesty to millions of illegal
aliens that came into our country.
and you have people you have people that have
been working for 10 years to try and come in
and they just keep working under
this program a deluge of illegals
will be given immediate green cards
and put on the fast -track to rapid
citizenship so they can vote I think
a lot of them are going to vote for me
to it. Because if you look at the Hispanic
population, if you look at the black population,
they're voting for Trump. They're
voting for Trump. You, you look at you.
Thank you. I like that person right there.
But they give them free. They give them welfare.
Give them free health care,
food stamps, chain migration,
chain migration. One of the catastrophic
things, one of the many catastrophic
things that we're confronted with when they
come in. Crooked Joe is sending a message
to the world that he rewards illegal
entry, and that's what's happening.
They hear about all of the
things that are coming in,
and don't kid yourself. The ones that
are hurt the most, the black population,
the Hispanic population, and you
know what else? Who else is hurt?
Badly? Unions, because unions are not
able to compete with this. This is a
mass entry into our country, and the
unions are getting absolutely killed
by it. All an illegal alien has to
do is sign up for his new program.
It's a sham marriage or college degree. Think of
this, and they can expect amnesty and taxpayer
support. They want to get taxpayer support. We
are supporting people that come in illegally,
but our soldiers, our veterans, are dying on the
streets of these horribly run Democrat cities.
Our country is under invasion. We should not
be talking amnesty. We should be talking about
stopping the invasion instead. This is an
invasion of our country. We have to seal the
border. We have to let people come into our
country, but they have to come in legally.
We have to send Joe Biden's illegal aliens
back home where they belong. We have no
choice. We have no choice. Don't forget,
all over the world, the prisons, the jails,
the mental institutions, the insane
asylums, they're all being emptied out.
And I don't blame them. I know
the leaders. I know so many of
the leaders. I had to deal with them.
I dealt with them very nicely. I said,
you don't behave. We're not going
to give you any of the money.
We paid them so much money, and they do nothing,
get stolen all over the place. But I had a lot
of things. We wanted to bring them back. They
wouldn't let them come back. I was told that
for years, Obama couldn't get anybody out.
We suffered with MS -13 by the thousands
and thousands that killed people that cut
up. Two young girls cut up in
Long Island, cut up to pieces,
and died by MS -13 monsters, and we
couldn't get them out of our country.
And I came back, and I said, why? They said, they
won't take them back, Honduras. You take a look
at Honduras, and any one of them, Mexico, to a
certain extent, Mexico a little bit less. But we
have countries all over South America, countries
all over the world that wouldn't take them back.
But in the case of the four countries, I said,
here's what we do. El Salvador is an example,
very tough, smart, good leader. But I would
have been more advanced than him. I would
have had the jails completely
empty instead of almost empty.
You know, if you take a look at Venezuela,
you see what's happening there. 72% down
in crime because they've taken their gangs,
their drug dealers, also their prisoners.
And where have they brought them?
To the United States of America,
thank you very much. No, no,
who can believe that they allowed
this to happen to our country?
Send the back! Send the back! Send the back!
Now, who can believe that they
would do this to a country? Now,
Joe Biden doesn't have a clue. Now,
we're going to watch. Is anybody going
to watch the debate? He's going to be so
pumped up. He's going to be pumped up.
You know all that stuff that was missing
about a month ago from the White House?
What happened? Who left it? Somebody left
it there. I wonder, let's see. Somebody left
a laptop in an office of a gentleman who
was supposed to fix the laptop from hell.
He never picked it up. And somebody didn't pick up
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of cocaine.
I wonder who that could have been. I don't know.
Actually, I think it was Joe. But Crooked Joe's
action today is an illegal, unconstitutional
amnesty without approval from Congress,
no approval from the courts
or the American people.
But he never does that. He did that with
the tuition. And that didn't work out too
well. He got rebuked. And then he did it
again. It's going to get rebuked again,
even more so. It's an even more vile attack.
But he did that with tuition. Just to
get the publicity for the election,
he doesn't care about that. He just
wants to see if he can get it by
the election. Like with all my stuff,
they get these people from all over.
Go after Trump. They never did this before.
This is like third world country stuff. Go
after Trump. But he did nothing wrong.
That doesn't matter. Just go after him.
Go after him. And we don't care
what happens after the election.
Just do it. Mess it up. No country has
ever done this outside of a few third
world horrible banana republics. Very rarely
done. This Biden amnesty is a direct attack
on American democracy. And yet another
example is how Biden and his communists
are demolishing our constitutional system and
replacing it with a corrupt and fascist regime.
These are fascists. These are bad people. And
I don't think he's calling the shots. I'll
be honest, I think he's not. I'm talking
to you like a small little gathering of,
you know, 20 ,000 people. But I
don't think he's calling the shots.
I really don't. You know, I almost
sound when I talk about, you know,
Alphonse Capone was indicted less
than Trump. I'd never heard the word
indictment. And then all of a sudden it's
coming from all different angles at me.
All caused by Biden and his thugs. But
it's not going to happen. You know,
it's interesting because we're doing better
now than we've ever done because people know
it's a scam. It's a big scam. And the
Biden betrayal is not going to stand.
When I'm reelected, Joe Biden's illegal
amnesty plan will be ripped up and thrown
out on the very first day that we're backing
off of it. Because he's just using that group,
but he's going to let everybody come in
because you know what they're trying to do?
They're trying to sign these people up and
register them. They're not citizens. They're
not allowed to do it. It's illegal as hell.
We're filing court cases all over the place,
including here, but we're filing court.
So what they're trying to do is they're
trying to use all of these people that
are pouring into our country to
vote. What are the reason? Look,
it's either they're stupid. They're not
stupid. He is, but they're not stupid.
The people that surround him is his, you
know, leaders. His leaders aren't stupid.
You can't cheat that well in
an election and be stupid,
okay? But so you say they're either
stupid or they hate our country.
Or the third thing is they want to
sign people up to vote. And that's
what they're doing right now. They're
signing people up to vote. The people
don't even know where they are. And
they're getting them cards to vote.
They're trying to register them to vote.
And we're in courts all over the place,
and we're going to get it stopped,
and we're not going to let what they
did four years ago happen again.
Our country is being destroyed.
Joe Biden wants to be the
president for illegal aliens,
but I will be the president for law
-abiding Americans. Every background,
every walk of life, every race, religion,
color, and creed, I'll be the president.
CHANTING
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Crooked Joe's mass
amnesty comes in the wake of a series of
horrific murders by, I call them the Biden
illegals. They come in here so illegally,
they just walk across, not vetted, not checked.
All over the world, they're
coming from the Congo and Africa,
22 people coming out of jails recently.
And where are you from? The Congo. Where
did you live? In a jail? What
did you do? We don't want to say.
But they come from Africa, from Asia. They come
from the Middle East. They come from South
America, but they come from all over the
world. And they're really very, in many
cases, very, very bad, very bad people.
The only good thing is they make our
gang members look like nice people
by comparison. You know the good
thing about Biden's administration,
right? He makes Jimmy Carter
look like a genius by comparison.
Jimmy Carter's administration looked
brilliant by comparison. In all fairness,
he wasn't doing things like
this. He wasn't allowing 17,
18 million people to walk into
our country unchecked, unvetted.
We have no idea who the hell they
are. Day after day, week after week,
more Americans are raped, kidnapped,
and brutally killed at the hands of criminals.
And Joe Biden released them into our country.
He released them all. We had,
by the way, four years ago,
I wish they could put it up on the screen.
We had the strongest border in the history
of our country. Now we have the weakest
border in the history of the world.
In the history of the world, oh, there
it is. Take a look. That cost a little
money to bring that sucker up here,
you know, that's... But take a look
at that. You see the red arrow on the
bottom? That was the week I left office.
What a sad day that was for the
country. But that was the week I
left office. See the red arrow on
the bottom? That's the only one
you have to even look at. That was
the last week in office for Trump.
Look at the number. That was the lowest
number in the history of our country of
illegals coming in. But you can
also add drugs and other things,
okay? But look at that number. And
that was done by Border Patrol.
Look at that number. And then
look what happens as soon as I
leave. Look at the numbers on the
right. That's the largest influx
of people ever to come to any country.
There's never been anything like this.
And we don't know where they come from,
who they are. We don't have any records.
There's no way to check it. You know,
they come from some country that nobody
ever heard of. They don't keep records.
And we don't get their records.
And we don't know what we're taking in. But
you know one thing. You remember the snake.
It's not going to be good, right? It's not
going to be good. When you let in a snake,
when you let in people that come out of
prisons for murder, it's not going to end well.
We're going to have a lot of problems, and we're
going to get them out. We're going to get them out
as fast as we can. We're going to have the largest
deportation. We have no choice. Just last week,
another Biden migrant was arrested for the
savage murder of an innocent American woman.
You probably all read about it in
Maryland. Rachel Morin, 37 years old,
mother of five, beautiful woman,
nice woman. Everybody loved her.
Police believe that this animal was
responsible for Rachel's killing.
First murdered another young woman in
El Salvador, came from El Salvador,
murdered a woman, at least one, then fled across
this Joe Biden open border. Just come on in,
everybody. We won't even check your name.
It came into the United States. After which she
savagely attacked a nine -year -old girl and her
mother in a home invasion in Los Angeles in an
area that was supposed to be safe. And finally,
he's charged with raping and murdering
Rachel when she was out for a run.
She was running, want to keep herself
in shape before dumping her body into
a drainage ditch. That's how they found her,
into a drainage ditch. This monster should
never have been allowed into our country.
And if I was president, he would
never have been able to come in.
He would have never been able to come
in. You see the you see those numbers.
Thank you very much. Just like the
killer, and you've read about this
too, Lake and Riley, beautiful Lake and
Riley, would have never been in our country.
Lake and Riley was the top of her class. She
wanted to be a nurse. She was the top student,
the top everything. She was admired by
everybody that knew her. And she was
murdered by the same kind of a person, person
that came in here under Biden's notepad.
There is no policy, they just come in.
They just came in. And I listened to Tom
Holman the other day. Tom Holman's great,
real pro. He said, there's never been an
administration so good on the border and
so good generally, but he's a border guy.
He's a pure, powerful border guy. He said,
there's never been an administration like
Trump. It's the greatest border, the safest
border we've ever had. All these murders that
are taking place and all the murders that will
take place, you're just seeing the beginning.
They're just getting comfortable.
They're here for a little while.
They're not gonna start up. They wanna find
out. They're just getting comfortable. Now
they're having fist fights with
cops in the middle of the street.
Think of that. In the middle of New York
City, they have a guy fist fighting with
a cop. I've seen cops shot. I've seen
a lot of things. But a fist fight,
that's really like crazy. And they're
duking it out in the middle of the street.
And if that happened to him in his country,
they would have had him killed immediately.
He would have been killed immediately. But here
we're very nice. We're politically correct. Also
recently in New York, an illegal alien with
mutual and multiple prior arrests approached
two 13 -year -old children with a machete in
broad daylight, forced them into the woods,
tied them together by the wrists, and
raped the girl at a park in Queens, Queens.
I grew up in Queens. When I'm reelected, we will
begin removing these criminals, these horrible
people from our midst, and we'll end up doing
it immediately. We're gonna do it immediately.
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
We don't really, it's not like we
have a choice. Do we have a choice?
We're not gonna live like this.
You know, that area in Queens,
I said, that's where I grew up. I grew up
right near that area. It was unthinkable.
My parents said, well, I'd go to the park. It
was like 20 blocks away. I'd take a bicycle
right there. Nobody thought anything was
gonna happen. I did that for years. Played
baseball and different things in the park,
and you'd ride and you'd come back home.
Mother would say, hi darling, would
you like something to eat? Today,
if you let your kid out of the house for five
minutes, the kid is gone. You never see the,
it's horrible what's going on. We're not
living, we're not living the proper life.
This is not, this is not appropriate,
what's happening. Our country is so badly
run. And by the way, you know, Kenosha,
I saved Kenosha. Do you know that when I
was president? Right? Right? I saved it.
Kenosha was, Kenosha was about
ready to go down the tubes and
the governor wouldn't move. He just
wouldn't move and I moved. You know,
I'm not supposed to. It's supposed to
be the governor's supposed to do it.
The mayor and the governor, but
we did a great job and we saved a
lot of different places and some here.
We saved a lot of places. Joe Biden's
amnesty is also a cold blooded
betrayal of American seniors.
By the way, did you see Nancy Pelosi? Her
daughter did a documentary, Crazy Nancy. No,
this happened just a couple of days. They found
the documentary. Her daughter, who's a quote
documentary maker, has a documentary when Nancy
Pelosi is saying it's my fault, meaning her fault,
not my fault, her fault, that she takes
full responsibility for what's happening.
That's as the event is happening. You know
why? Because she was being honest for the
first couple of hours and I offered them
10 ,000 soldiers because I knew the crowd
was gonna be big, but I offered them 10
,000 soldiers and she turned it down.
She said, oh, I don't like the look. She turned
it down. And the mayor of Washington, D .C.,
which we're gonna redevelop
and make beautiful again,
because right now it's a crime -ridden
capital. But they turned it down.
They turned down the stuff.
And now the J -6 committee,
I call it the Unselect Committee, they're
unselect. They're the most unselect. We
should have people like you. We should
have put Vivica in the committee, right?
And our congressmen in the committee, right?
But the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs,
the evidence was so bad and so compelling
against the Democrats and against the people
that are supposed to be doing that
job that they destroyed and deleted.
All of the, everything is
deleted. Remember, they said,
I attacked secret service agents while
I was in the back of a car. And I have
friends that say, don't change that
story. Man, you sound tough as hell.
That's good. You know, these guys
are like 30 years old. One is a
weightlifter. The other one's a karate
top guy or something. I went for the
one and was rebuffed. But my hands
wrapped around the other one's neck.
I would have been in trouble if
I did that, I think. I think.
But what happened is when secret service went in,
they totally told the proper story, which was
nothing happened. Absolutely nothing happened.
Then she supposedly changed
her. Something went on there.
But that's just one of many things. The
Pelosi thing is something that was now,
is totally on the record. And they've
deleted and destroyed all of the records.
And they are really disgraceful
people. Remember, I said,
peacefully and patriotically, right?
Peacefully. They didn't have that in
my speech. They put my speech up. But they took
phrases out like. peacefully and patriotically.
And these are very dishonest people.
You know, I say we have problems from
the outside and problems from within.
And I really believe that you have a
smart president. I had no problem with
China. I had no problem with Russia.
I stopped Russia. Russia would have never
gone in Ukraine. I stopped their pipeline
going into Germany, which Biden immediately
approved. The first week that he was there,
he approved it. And Putin actually said, you
know, they say that you and I are friends.
I'd hate to see you as an enemy. You stopped
my pipeline. It was stopped going to Germany,
going all over Europe. And
Biden immediately approved
it. But he killed our pipeline. The
Keystone, he stopped our pipeline.
The Keystone XL 48000 jobs. He stopped
our pipeline. Biden and his party are hell
bent on legalizing every single Biden
migrant who has violated our borders,
dumping millions of people into Medicare
and Social Security and even Obamacare.
By the way, all of these people going on
to Social Security, Medicare, Obamacare,
whatever you want to call it, it's going to
destroy all of them. It's not going to be able,
it's not sustainable. They're
going to ruin your Social Security.
This guy's killing your Social Security.
Biden and the Democrats are wheeling
Granny off the cliff to give benefits
to illegal aliens. They're giving the
benefits to the illegals. And you know, a
stat that came out the other day is that
almost all of the new jobs in this
country are going to illegals.
They're not going to our people. They're going
to illegals. And that's why the black population,
Hispanic population, is voting for
me at levels that nobody's ever seen
before in this country, because
they're not getting the jobs.
In fact, they're losing their jobs. As
president, I will fight for American
seniors like nobody has ever fought before. And
we will not be fighting for the Biden illegals,
as I call them. I will fight for American
workers, not for human traffickers.
I will fight for the American dreamers, not
the child smugglers and woman smugglers. And
I will restore the sovereign borders of the
United States of America. So help me God.
We want Trump! We want Trump! We want Trump!
to save our economy. Our economy is doing
terribly. Inflation has killed our economy.
It's a nation buster. On the last day in office,
inflation was at less than 1 .4%, and as you know,
it was now, it's now 10. Look, if you take
a look, if you take a look at our inflation,
our real inflation, they said it was 10
for the last couple of years cumulatively.
You take a look at inflation, and
if you add different categories,
which they don't, I think our inflation is
between 40 and 50%. They say it's a 22%,
22% is a lot, that's record -setting,
but I think you could double it.
Let them add the cost of interest,
let them add the cost of trying to
buy a house. Nobody can buy a house
anymore. The American dream is dead.
The money they can't get, the
interest rates through the roof.
During my term, we had gasoline down
to $1 .87 a gallon, and by the end,
the 30 -year mortgage rate was 2 .7%.
Think of that, and now it's 10%, 11%,
12%, and you can't get the money,
so it doesn't make any difference.
They can tell you what the rate is,
but you can't get the money. Joe Biden
inherited the fastest and strongest
economic recovery in history. I gave
him the greatest economic recovery
in history. It's called bounce back.
We were all set, we were set. I hated, we
had the greatest economy ever in the history
of the world. COVID came in, and we did an
unbelievable job, and by the time we ended,
we gave him the greatest bounce back
that anybody's ever had, and guess what?
He blew it to shreds, and that's where
we are right now. Biden's inflation
price hikes and energy destruction, of
course, the average American family,
an astonishing $28 ,000. Think of that, $28
,000, and on day one of my new administration,
we will throw out Bidenomics and
replace it with magnamics, magnum.
And it was just announced, you probably heard it,
just came as I'm walking up and say, let me
say that. I'm walking up here. It was just
announced that the budget deficit is now
expected to be almost $2 trillion in 2024.
Think of it, $2 trillion. Let's see, 2024, that
might not be so good, because I take over. They're
gonna say, I have a $2 trillion deficit. I say,
I didn't do anything, but we'll get it down. $400
billion more than estimated just a few months ago,
because he's throwing money out the window on the
Green News scam and other things, because this
student loan program, which is not even legal.
I mean, it's not even legal. And
the students aren't buying it,
by the way. His polls are down. I'm
leading in young people by numbers
that nobody's ever seen before. And
remember, with Trump, no tax on tips.
So for all of you people...
of people that get tips, right? Tips?
No tax on tips. That's right. No,
I think it's good. You know, you work,
work, work, and they come out and they,
they, they harass you. They really harass you. A
lot of people have told me that he's just passed
new regulations that make it very, very hard
on people that are in tips really for a living.
For the most part, they live on tips.
I will stop Biden's wasteful spending
and rapidly terminate the green new scam,
which is a total scam. We're spending money
like drunken sailors. You know, the expression
drunk and sailors, they love that expression.
I will end the Biden inflation
nightmare and we will end it
quickly. And I will repeal crooked Joe
Biden's insane electric vehicle mandate.
And we will drill baby drill
we are drill baby drill, right?
Go, Go, Go!
Thank you. Thank you.
Energy costs will come down
very quickly. In many cases,
we'll be cutting your energy costs in half,
and we're going to be doing it very fast. I
will also stop inflation by stopping the
invasion, rapidly reducing housing costs.
You know, they're taking over our
hotels. Think of it. You have people
that come in illegally that don't speak the
language. We don't even know the country.
These are countries where we have nobody in
our country that even understands the language.
And they're living in luxury hotels
in many cases. As our, and as I said,
as our wonderful warriors, they're wounded.
In many cases, they are literally wounded.
They're wounded from what's taken place,
from the trauma, but they're wounded.
And they're laying in the streets of
San Francisco and Los Angeles and New
York and Chicago and Oakland and all
over the place. And you have other
people living in luxury hotels. You tell
me, is this country screwed up or what?
Is this country? We will cut every
unnecessary Biden regulation. You know,
I cut regulations more than any president in
history. That's how we got all the jobs. And
I cut your taxes, the biggest tax
cut in the history of our country.
And we will make the Trump tax cuts
permanent and reduce taxes even more for
working families and small businesses.
They want to let the Trump tax cuts
expire. If you do that, you will pay four times
the amount of taxes you're paying right now.
Somehow, you know, all my life I've
watched politicians and they always said,
I'm going to reduce your taxes.
This is the only group I've ever
seen. We're going to raise your taxes
by four times. Oh, let's vote for them.
There's something crazy going on. There's
something there's something crazy in the
water. But, you know, I produce the
cleanest water and the cleanest air.
That's what I want. I want clean
water, clean crystal, clean air.
Unlike me, Joe Biden isn't fighting for
the working people. He's fighting for all
of the corrupt interests that get rich
off the suffering of the middle class.
And he's fighting for China and he's
fighting for lots of other countries.
He puts America last. Crooked Joe backed NAFTA,
China's entry into the World Trade Organization
and the horrible Trans -Pacific Partnership
and also the ripoff called the Paris Climate
Accord. Sounds so nice, except we
were paying the whole brunt of it.
China wasn't paying, Russia wasn't
paying, India wasn't paying. We were
paying a trillion dollars for the Paris
Climate Accord. Sounds so nice. I said,
you know, when I terminate this deal,
I'm going to get killed on this one.
I terminated it. Everybody thanked me. It
was like, because they all know the people
are really smart. They get it. They
get it. What we are doing for other
countries and we're destroying ourselves
and we owe thirty five trillion dollars.
You know, it's not like, gee, we have
nothing but cash. He sent our blood and
treasure to back regime change in Iraq,
regime change in Libya, regime change in
Syria and every other globalist disaster for
half a century that's been going on the same.
I took our soldiers out. You know,
I'm the only president that didn't
start a war. I'm the only president.
I finished the war. I finished it. I
finished the war with ISIS, the
ISIS caliphate. I finished it.
But I didn't start a war. I got our soldiers
out of Syria. I read this morning that, oh,
gee, it was a shame. We had five thousand
soldiers on the border, Syria and Turkey,
right on the border. So you have Syria, Turkey,
and in the middle we have five thousand in between
a two hundred and fifty thousand person
army and one hundred and fifty thousand.
I went to a general. I say, how do our
five thousand soldiers do in that case?
You got two warring nations and
they say, not good, sir. I say,
I think it's time to get them
out. Right. I got them out.
Then we had fifty four soldiers and I say, this
one, I don't have to ask a general. Get them the
hell out of there. You know what? Essentially,
nothing happened. They've had that border
for two thousand years, different names, but
they've had that border for two thousand years.
They've been fighting for two
thousand years. Why do we have
soldiers there? I took them out and
we didn't have people killed. We had
nobody killed and they still fight over
the border a little bit, but not much.
It's, you know, they fight for a little while,
then they stop. This goes on for thousands.
This goes on for thousands of years. No,
you know, we are now we call ourselves
because, you know, I'm conservative.
What difference? The party of common
sense with a party of common sense.
It's not a conservative thing. It's not a
liberal thing or a Democrat or Republican
thing. After years of Crooked Joe building
up foreign nations under my leadership,
we will once again build up
our nation, if that's okay.
Let's build up our nation. I think it's time,
right? This looks like a good soldier there.
I will revoke China's most favored
nation's trade status. They have a
most favored nation. They're favored. I
said, why do you have that presidency?
Well, we are a developing nation. You
got nothing but cash. You're killing
us. We paid them $500 billion a
year. They built their military
because of stupid people. And one
thing, you know, somebody said it.
You don't even think about it.
I read it two nights ago. Donald
Trump was the one that brought up
China and the tremendous threat
that China is and the amount of money that
China takes out of our country every year.
You never heard that until I came along. And
you know, it's one thing to talk about it,
but I did talk about it. But I was
doing something. We took out hundreds
of billions of dollars out of China.
Not one president took out 10 cents.
In fact, Biden wants to revoke the tariffs,
but he can't because it's so much money. He
can't do it. He just can't do it. I also
will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act.
That's if China or any other country makes
us pay 100 or 200 percent tariff for tax.
We will make them pay a reciprocal tariff
for tax of 100 to 200 percent right
back. We don't do that. We have
countries and it's not only China,
it's many countries. We have countries that
charge us tremendous taxes and tariffs.
So we don't charge them anything. And
I was changing that and got a lot of a
change with South Korea, with Japan, made
a new deal with Japan or Japan was really,
you know, Prime Minister
Abe. He was great of Japan.
He was assassinated. He was a great friend
of mine. He was a great gentleman. He
was a he loved his people. He loved his
country. I went to him. I said, you know,
the trade deal between Japan and the United States
is the most unfair thing I think I've ever seen.
They sell cars to us. We can't sell
cars to them. They sell food to us.
We can't sell food to them. And it's
that way with the European Union,
too. And I said to Abe, I love that guy.
He was great. He was going to run again.
He was getting well. And he was going to
run again. Very popular guy who would have
won easily. But I said, we can't do this. He
said, I was waiting for you to ask. He said,
nobody's ever asked. Nobody from
your country has ever asked.
You know, he said, I'm shocked it took you
so long. And I renegotiated it. I mean,
I liked him so much. I could have
made probably a tougher deal,
but we made a tough deal. I liked
him. He was he was a great guy.
And we renegotiated that deal. We renegotiated
a lot of deals. One of the best deals I made
was with China. But because of covid, I
don't even talk about that deal. China
had to buy 50 billion dollars worth of our
product, our agricultural product, mostly.
And, you know, it's interesting
during the negotiation. I said,
what are we asking for? 15 million
dollars, 15. So I thought they meant 50,
right? I heard it as 50. So when they came to
me, they said, we have the deal done with China.
It's 15 million dollars.
They said, what do you mean,
15? It's 50. You told me. They
said, no, no, it's 15. I said,
go back and ask for 50. And we got it. Can you
believe it? We got it. I thought they said that.
But the Reciprocal Trade Act is basically
a terrible expression. But it's, you know,
as accurate as I can make it. You know,
I have a man I have a lot of respect for.
He said, please, you speak so beautifully.
Don't don't hurt your speech by using foul
language. But sometimes foul language is a
little bit necessary, more necessary here than
on television. I have to say, on television,
it doesn't sound good, although it sounds
OK, actually, but it doesn't sound good here.
You don't make your point. But I don't
think this is too bad because reciprocal
trade. That's you screw us. We screw
you. And then what happens? You charge
us 100 percent. We charge you. I don't
know how else I can say it so briefly.
Right. That's about as good as we can
do. There's just no word that can cover
that. So and you know who that was? Does anybody
know? You know who that was? It told me a great
a great man, actually.
Franklin Graham, you're right.
It was Franklin Graham. He wrote
me a beautiful letter and he said
your speech was so good and I
loved it and everything else,
but you don't have to use foul language. And I
very rarely do. And it's not really it's just,
you know, like little words, like that word
that starts with a B and ends with a T.
Right. It's just such a descriptive word.
I don't know how you replace some of these
words. But I think of him when I when
I'm about to do and usually last speech,
I just I said, I'm going to behave.
And I did. I totally behave. This one,
I did use that those two words, the same
word twice. Biden would say I use three words
four times. You know, remember that. You know,
four words that are saying in the famous words,
those two words, and then issue four words.
This guy, this is what we have negotiating.
This is what we have negotiating with Putin,
with President Xi of China, with
Kim Jong Un, who's loaded up with
nuclear weapons. This is what we have negotiating.
You know, when when France came
out and wanted to tax our nation,
I told him you can't do it. And
if you do it, you're going to pay
100 percent tax on all of your wine and
all of your champagne that you send in.
And all my people said you couldn't do it.
You'll never be able to change it. They're
going to tax our companies 25 percent.
And I said, we're going to do it. And I
did that. And it was a miracle. They said,
Macron, you know, Macron, good, good man.
He loves France. He doesn't love us.
He loves France. Right. And I said,
no, no, no. You have to pay. We're going to charge
you 100 percent unless that disappears.
Everybody told me it couldn't be done.
My own people told me it
couldn't be done. And I said,
nope, 100 percent. Starting on Monday,
this was Friday, and he called me back
five minutes later. He said that we
would be delighted to drop that tax.
We would be delighted to drop that
25 percent tax on your companies,
Vivek. But if I gave it to Vivek to do, I
think he'd pull it off. Right. You know.
He'd pull it off.
It's no wonder Joe Biden and
his thugs are so desperate to
stop us. They know that we are
the only ones who can stop them,
and they know that all of their persecutions
and prosecutions is happening because I'm
running for president and leading very big in
the polls, including in this great state now.
Well, do you remember in 2016 we won,
and then we did much better here in 2020,
but they, you know, lots of things
happened. And then in the end we won,
but they, you know, by that
time it was a little late.
But in 2016 we won, and I got a
poll from ABC Washington Post,
two, you know, very Washington Post is
down 50% in readers, which is a good
thing because people don't like fake news. And
ABC, you know, they have George Stoppelopides.
I call him slop -a -dop -a -lis.
George Stoppelopides. I said,
George, I've had you up to here. You
got to start telling the truth. You
got to start telling the truth. They're
doing one of the debates, I understand.
See, I agreed to this stuff. You know, I agreed
to the debates that came up to me and they said,
we're going to do a debate. We'd
like to challenge you to a debate,
but they didn't want me to accept.
So they gave me something that I
couldn't accept, CNN, fake tapper,
right? Fake tapper. Sit down at tables. No
audience. I don't know. This thing sounds
pretty unexpected. No audience. I said,
well, I think we should at least stand up.
Don't you think it would
be respectful? But I said,
we'll do it. They didn't think I was going
to do it. They thought I would say, no,
I don't want to do it because CNN
is so, you know, it's fake news.
But I think maybe they'll be honest. I think, I
think fake tapper would really help himself if
we're honest, but you'll see immediately if
it is or not. I'll probably be Dana Bash is
the other I'll probably be negotiating
with three people, but that's okay.
I've done that before. I'll be debating three
people instead of one, instead of one half of a
person. The outrageous charges in New York were
a corrupt creation of crooked Joe Biden and his
group. And they really weaponized what they did
is they weaponized the Department of Justice.
They weaponized all the White House. What
they did is disgraceful. It was all planned
and carried out by his thugs in Washington,
giving orders to New York. All these people
went to Washington. It was all one big
thing, including civil cases, by the way.
The case was completely devoid of facts,
merit, or even any crimes. Every legal analyst,
all great people, I don't have to go
over their names. I go over them all
the time. But all of the great legal
analysts said there is no case here.
There is no crime. He shouldn't charge,
et cetera. But every single one of them said
that this wasn't a legitimate indictment. This
was a Joe Biden indictment to try
and hurt your political opponent.
And it's really reverberated because the
numbers we've had, we've never had numbers
better than this. And they've really gone up a
lot since that fake deal was started. But since
the rig trial in New York, and think of this, the
poll numbers have increased very substantially.
And the fundraising has, I think,
set all time records. I mean,
I think it's set all time. And you know what?
If you understand this stuff, if it hadn't,
it would have gone the opposite way. If this
was real stuff, it would have been the opposite.
Most of the time it would be. But
I'm able to have a nice platform.
I was able to explain what it is. It
was fake. I also got Dershowitz. You
take a look at Dershowitz and
Mark Levin. All great people.
Andrew McCarthy, Greg Jarrett, all great
people. Jonathan Turley, all fantastic.
Do you think Biden could remember five, six,
seven names? I don't think so. I don't think
so. And honestly, many others.
And they all came out and they said, this is a
terrible thing that's happening to our country,
et cetera, et cetera. And people read.
And that's when the numbers quadrupled,
everything quadrupled. The
poll numbers were great.
The fundraising numbers went up at levels
that nobody's ever seen before because
they know it's all fake stuff. It's a Biden
indictment. These aren't indictments. These
are Biden indictments. He did it to hurt his
political opponent because he's a low life.
Who's the dumbest president we've
ever had in addition to everything?
The radical left Democrats rigged
the presidential election in 2020,
and we're not going to let them rig
the presidential election in 2024.
And every time we're not going to let them
do it. By the way, if we win Wisconsin.
Now, you know Biden, you know what Biden
would say? He'd say, if we win Iowa, oh,
sir, you're in Wisconsin. Oh, oh. But I have
to be careful because when I do that stuff,
they'll sometimes put it on like I was saying it.
So when I imitate him, because he can't find his
way off the stage ever. There's only about, well,
there's only four or five stairs of this one.
Sometimes I have like seven stairs. Anything
built by the government, we have a lot of
stairs because they have unlimited money.
But you know what? When I imitate him,
and you've heard this a little bit,
I say it every once in a while. I said to
my wife, how good was that speech? Was that
great? That was the greatest. I had 107 ,000
people show up in New Jersey three weeks ago.
25 ,000 people in the South Bronx.
People weren't sure about that one.
It was love. That was a love fest, South
Bronx. When I called up my wife, I said,
how good? Now I had just imitated
him trying to get off a stage.
And you know, there's walls around, and
I walk into walls, kidding. It's sarcasm,
it's like, it's truth. I mean, he walks
into stages, he falls down. I better not
ever fall down because I'll, they'll say,
he said, we just don't want to fall down.
You have to keep yourself from
falling down. You just have to
be careful. But he'd walk into walls
and everything. So I said to my wife,
how great was it? New Jersey, 107 ,000 people.
Nobody, nobody could have ever in history.
Nobody could have gotten 107
,000 people. There's never
been a politician for vague. You're just
peanuts by comparison for vague. You don't
know it. He hasn't learned his lesson yet. He has
not learned his lesson yet, but he's a good man.
He's going to be with us in some form.
He hasn't learned. But I said
to my wife, Vivek, I said,
Our great First Lady, people like our
First Lady. So I said, I said, honey,
I'll tell you, it was unbelievable.
How good was it? It was unbelievable,
the crowd, nobody's ever seen a crowd. That
broke every record in New Jersey history.
Nobody's ever seen 100, and I
don't have a guitar. Don't forget,
Elvis had a guitar. I don't have a guitar,
nothing. I stand up here by myself,
terrible. But all these people, I
said, how great, tell me how great.
She said, well, it was okay. I said, what
do you mean, okay? It was phenomenal. No,
but your hair didn't look good. And then she
said, the killer of all killers. She said,
and what happened? You couldn't
find your way off the stage.
They showed you walking into walls.
So the fake news had me walking into
walls when I was just imitating
Biden because he walks into walls.
I don't know.
You got to live with it. You got to live.
That's why we call him the fake. That's why
we call him the fake news. Every time
the radical left Democrats, Marxists,
communists and fascists indict me, I
consider it a great badge of honor.
Remember, I got indicted more than Alphonse
Capone. Al Capone was the meanest scarface,
scarface. He was the meanest ever that
worse. Oh, he was right down the road,
actually Chicago. He controlled
Chicago with an iron fist.
If he went out to dinner with a person,
didn't like him, they were gone by
the next morning, never found again.
You know, they're usually a part of the
foundation of a building going up, right?
I got a...
Indicted more than Al Capone all because I
ran for office if I didn't run for office.
I'd be happy I'd be enjoying life.
But you know what?
I enjoy this better because we're
gonna make America great again.
That's what I like Very simple
And I'm being indicted.
it for you. Never forget our
enemies want to take away
my freedom because I will never ever let them
take away your freedom. That's why I'm here.
They want to silence me because I will never let
them silence you and in the
end they're not after me.
Quite simply put, I am just standing in their way.
I'm standing in their way and they're
not, I'm not moving. I'm not moving.
My life could have been so simple.
I could have had 200 lawyers less. My
life could have been so simple. I would
who is going to help Wisconsin reverse every
single Biden disaster your next US senator.
And this guy is central casting Eric Hovde.
Eric, stand up, Eric. Come on up, Eric. Eric
has had an outstanding career in business, a real
success. And now he's going to get things done.
Eric will vote to crack down on illegal
immigration and Joe Biden's border disaster.
our police and turn back the wave
of violent crime he will help us
Rapidly halt Biden inflation and unleash
energy the likes of which you have never
seen But most importantly Eric will
defeat your radical left senator
the worst senator in the US Senate. They
say she's the worst senator She's rated.
I think the lowest the worst Is a
bad one. You got a bad one in Ohio,
too I think he's going to be defeated Brown But
Tammy Baldwin voted for every single inflation
causing Biden spending bill if a hundred percent
voted with Biden And Biden doesn't represent you
11 trillion dollars worth of votes that
of course massive inflation She wants to
help Biden impose the largest tax hike in
American history for four straight years.
She's cast a vote and remember Every
single time she voted for crooked Joe
Biden. She voted in favor of
sanctuary cities She voted to
cancel my emergency declaration on the
border to stop people from coming in.
Thank you very much, Sammy appreciate
it and she opposed a little thing called
remain in Mexico that I did anyway she
opposed that I did it anyway and Baldwin
supports Joe Biden's effort to undermine
our police officers in the middle of the
worst crime wave in modern history She
wants to not take care of our police.
Tammy Baldwin is a radical left Democrat
extremist She's a horrible horrible senator and
this gentleman. I mean, is this central casting
this guy? And his wife looks even better than he
does. That's pretty good But they're gonna he's
going to secure our borders and stop inflation.
He's gonna help me. We're
gonna win You know again,
we win Wisconsin and we win the whole thing.
We win the whole thing. So we gotta win
Say hello.
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President, and
we do have a gorgeous state. Look at how
beautiful Wisconsin is. Now, the president
and I are both business guys. In fact,
I'm in the development business
that development project over there.
I'm developing right now 220 units
revitalizing Racine. But you know,
in the world of business,
results matter. And in business,
you either get it done or you don't get
it done. So let's take a quick look.
President Trump, inflation averaged about 1 .7%,
almost nothing. Joe Biden, 6%,
and I agree with President Trump,
the prices have gone up more than 20%. Are
you kidding me? They're fudging the numbers.
How about your incomes? Do you know your
incomes grew under President Trump at a
faster rate than any time in American
history? 7 .7%. Under Joe Biden, sadly,
your wages have declined by 2 .9%.
We've never had that in three years.
They've crushing the middle
class. They're crushing the
working class. And how about the border?
President Trump showed you the numbers.
The numbers are clear. He had the
border completely under control.
Joe Biden, first year, over 3 million.
Second year, over 3 million. Third year,
they don't even know. I mean, we may
have 16 million illegal immigrants. Our
streets are being flooded with
fentanyl. And by the way, Mr.
President, I know you're going to take
care of this. They can't account for 100
,000 children. And sadly, too many
of those kids have probably ended
up in the sex trade. So the results
are clear. This president, no wars.
Joe Biden, the world's awash in
conflict. So the results speak for
themselves. And Tammy Baldwin has voted
with Joe Biden 95 .5% of the time. Now,
I got to ask you, Mr. President,
you have a lovely, gorgeous wife.
I got married. I'm lucky with a beautiful wife.
We've been great relationship. But I
can tell you, I don't agree with her
95 .5% of the time. And I sure the heck know
she doesn't agree with me 95 .5% of the time.
So how could Tammy Baldwin agree with
Joe Biden 95 .5% of the time? She's
been a disaster. She's talking about fentanyl.
She's done nothing on fentanyl. She has voted
for open borders. She has voted for all
the debt, everything she has done wrong.
So I'm going to get off the stage now for turn
it back to President Trump. But President Trump
raised the apprentice. And this time around,
Mr. President, you and I are going to work hard
to take back this country because this country
is going to be saved right here in Wisconsin.
And it's all of you and you that are going
to fire Joe Biden and Tammy Baldwin. Let's
take back America, make America great and
restore the American dream. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Great job.
Go out and vote. You're getting
a dynamo. You need that. That's what
you need. You need that in Washington.
We're also pleased to be joined
by former governor Scott Walker.
Scott, great governor, a great
governor. You're coming with us,
Scott. You're coming with us. Thank you very
much. And a friend of mine for a long time,
another great one. This was
a great one. I don't know.
I've heard he's like the most
popular person in your whole
state. Although Scott's right there
too. Tommy Thompson. Tommy Thompson.
Tommy, thank you.
And Tommy, I hear you're heading up the Trump
campaign in Wisconsin, right? All right,
we're all done with that, Tommy. I like that.
Tommy's heading it up. How the hell? I mean,
can I do better? I don't think so, right?
Thank you, Tommy. We appreciate it. Very
much, Scott. Thank you very much. House
Republican leader, Steve Scalise.
Very brave guy. Steve. Thank you,
Steve. Thank you very much. And members of
Congress, a real warrior, Derek Van Orden.
He cannot take no for an answer.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thanks, Terry. That's great. Brian style took
the place of somebody that wasn't nearly as
good as him. Doing a much better job than
his predecessor. Thank you very much. That's
great. And he's working on all sorts of J
six scams and hustles and what's happened.
And he's in charge of the committee. And
I hear you're doing a fantastic job. And
you're going to make sure there's no
that we have a an honest election in
the great state of Wisconsin, right? This area.
Thank you very much. Great job.
Appreciate it. Another friend of mine,
Glenn Grothman. Glenn, thank you very much.
And we all know he's here because I heard he made
a great speech before and people really like him.
He came sort of, uh, nobody know
him too much. All of a sudden they
say he's a smart guy and he's a
very smart guy. Vivek Ramaswami.
Thank you, Vivek.
He's done a great job, actually. Wisconsin
GOP chairman, Brian Scheming. Thank you,
Brian. Very important guy. We're gonna win
it, we're gonna win it. We gotta win it,
thank you, Brian. And the next candidate from
Wisconsin's 8th Congressional District, Tony Weed.
Tony, thank you. Great, oh,
another central casting guy,
wow. They have good -looking people
in this state, don't they, huh? Wow,
that's great, good. Thank you, Tony,
very much. You're gonna do great.
From the very first day that we take back
to White House from crooked Joe Biden,
I believe we are going to have the four greatest
years in the history of our country. Before I
even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly
after, we win, we, we, it's about us.
After we win the presidency, I will
have the horrible war between Russia
and Ukraine's satellite. Get along with both
of them very well. Should've never happened.
All those people dead, all those cities
destroyed, you can never rebuild them,
never rebuild them like they were,
beautiful, thousand -year -old
buildings with the gold domes, you can
never rebuild that, but what a shame.
And one thing I'll do that nobody else can say,
they can not even talk, I know all the players,
I will prevent a thing called World
War III. And you are closer to it,
you are closer to it than you have any idea.
Biden's weakness has put us in grave danger. I
will restore peace through strength. You know,
again, Russia didn't take any
land while Trump was president,
but they did take land under Bush,
they did take land under Obama.
Looks like they're taking the whole country from
Biden with all the money that we spend, we spend.
You could've settled that deal over a couple
of phone calls, frankly. And you wouldn't have
anybody dead, and you'd have the country would be
intact, would be intact, but he couldn't do that.
And the way he talked, I used to say, boy, he's
saying the exact opposite thing that you have to
say to get that thing ended. What a horrible,
horrible president he's been. In my next term,
we will build a great iron dome over our
country, a dome like has never seen before,
a state -of -the -art missile defense shield
that will be entirely built in America,
and we will create, on top of
everything else, jobs, jobs, jobs.
And we need protection, too. We're
gonna build the greatest dome of
them all. You see what happened in
Israel, they shot 3 ,000 missiles
and they knocked down almost all of them.
And we're entitled to that also, you know?
And it was our idea, by the way. And Ronald
Reagan wanted to do it many years ago,
but unfortunately then it sounded like
Star Wars. He was ahead of his time,
actually. But we didn't have the
technology that you have now.
Now we have the greatest technology
there is. And we're gonna build a dome,
a safety shield over the top of us, so that if
we see something coming in five years from now,
I'll be talking a little bit differently,
maybe, we'll see something coming.
I say, don't worry, the dome's gonna
take care of it. Don't worry about it,
the dome will take care of it.
But we should have that, you know,
we should be entitled to that, don't you think?
With all the hostility out there, I think so.
All made in the USA, including right
here. To further secure America's future
and create opportunity for young people, I
will end Joe Biden's war on crypto. We will
ensure that the future of crypto and the
future of Bitcoin will be made in America.
Otherwise, other countries are gonna have it. The
other countries are gonna have it.
We're going to rebuild our cities,
become beacons of hope, safety and beauty,
better than they have ever been before.
Right now, they're death and squalor and they're
falling apart. We're gonna rebuild our cities.
We will take over the horribly run capital of
our nation in Washington, D .C. and clean up,
renovate and rebuild our capital cities so that
it no longer is a nightmare of murder and crime.
People go there from Wisconsin, I wanna
see the Washington Monument and they end
up getting shot. They end up getting
killed. It's a horrible thing taking
place in the capital. We're gonna take it over.
It's gonna be run properly. It's gonna be
beautified. It's gonna be cleaned. I went there
the other day for one of these trials, you know,
these trials that keep me busy so much. You know,
I'm only allowed to campaign about 20% of the
time because I have all these Biden trials.
But so far, it's not working. We can never let
that work. We can't let them get away with it.
But I went there. And the roads were so badly
damaged, there were potholes all over the place,
there was trash all over the main highways,
trash, garbage, you're driving over garbage.
The medians in the middle, you know, the
metal medians were all broken and rusted and
disgusting. That's no way to have a capital.
Can you imagine these foreign leaders come
in? And generally their capitals are in good
shape, you know, that's why they're dictators.
They say, we don't want broken medias, we don't
want pot holes in our roads. We want to have
them nice. I went to China, you never saw anything
like that. A road 10, on 10 cars wide, times two.
Medians that were impeccable, they're probably
100 years old, they were made out of steel.
They were painted, they were impeccable. All
this stuff. We got to have the same thing,
we got to have it, we have to have it
done properly. Our nation's capital is
the murder capital of the world. Our
nation's capital is falling apart,
graffiti all over the beautiful marbles and
granites, graffiti, graffiti all over the place.
We're going to clean up our capital,
we're going to be proud of our capital,
we're going to take care of our capital. On
day one I will sign a new executive order
to cut federal funding of any school pushing
critical race theory, transgender insanity,
and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or
political content onto the lives of our children.
And I will not give one penny to any
school that has a vaccine mandate or
a mask mandate. And I will keep... Who
even thinks you have to say this stuff,
you know? Like open borders.
Who wants an open border?
Nobody wants to know. Who has open borders?
But some of these things, it's embarrassing
to say. I will keep men out of women's sports.
Why?
Why would you have to say that?
But you go back 10, 15 years ago and somebody
would say, did he just say he was going to keep,
what, what's that all about? The women are being,
it's so disrespectful for women. The other day a
woman playing volleyball got hit by a ball, hit
by somebody who transitioned, a large person,
very large, and the ball came at her at a
level that no, at a speed that which she's
never seen before, it hit her and it had bad,
bad impact, bad things happened, bad things.
And this happened before. The swimming is
ridiculous. The weightlifting is probably
the most ridiculous weightlifting
records that stood for 18 years
of being obliterated by hundreds of
pounds by people that transitioned.
I don't think it's, we're going to get rid
of that immediately. I will fully uphold the
second amendment. We will protect innocent life
and we will restore free speech and I will secure
our elections with a goal to have one day voting,
paper ballots, proof of citizenship and voter ID.
But until then, Republicans must win.
We want a landslide and the expression
I use where you just can't lose is
we got to make it too big to rig,
too big to rig because they're dishonest
people. If you took the 10 worst presidents
in the history of the United States and added
them up, they would not have done near the
destruction to our country as Joe Biden and
the Biden administration of thugs has done.
What they've done to our country
is incredible. What they've done,
and you haven't even seen it yet.
You haven't seen the terrorists
yet. You haven't seen the killing yet
that's starting to take place again.
It takes him a little time. They want to
get accustomed to the country. They're
not going to start from day one because
they don't know. Then they see our laws,
which are so weakened and so pathetic
and they probably can't believe them.
But you're going to see things that will be
horrible unless you elect to be president,
in which case we're going to get them the hell out
of here. We're going to get them out fast. So if
you want to save America, I'm asking everybody
to go out to the website, swampthevoteusa .com.
Swamp the vote. Right? The swamp. This is a
different kind of swamp than we usually use.
Swamp we got rid of a lot of the swamp, Comey
and all those guys we got rid of them. Swamp
the vote USA .com to make a plan to vote either by
mail, early in person, or to vote on election day.
You have to vote and watch your vote.
Watch your vote because they tend to
disappear. Watch your vote. Make sure it's
counted and you can do that. Make sure it's
counted. You have great people. Again, Tommy
is going to be totally involved and you have
two great governors that are going to be
involved and we appreciate it very much.
Two great governors. You got to win it. We win
it. We win the whole thing. Then we see you
guys in Washington. We'll see you in Washington.
And if you want to volunteer to help us turn out
the voters in your neighborhood, sign up and get
trained at trumpforce47 .com, trumpforce47 .com.
Go out because we want to watch it.
You want to watch for the cheating.
I say guard the vote. I say guarding the
vote is far more important. We have all
the votes we need. We have to guard
the vote. We have to stop the steal.
If we stop the steal, we win. I don't
have to campaign anymore. Just stop
the steal. So Scott and Tommy do a job out
there, okay? You'll do it. In conclusion,
from Madison to Milwaukee, from La
Crosse to Kenosha, I love Kenosha.
And from Green Bay to right here in Racine, we
inherit the legacy of Wisconsin Patriots who brave
the incredible dangers to carve out a life in a
vast and wild frontier. We stand on the shoulders
of the American giants who crossed the oceans,
explored the cotton settled at Great Plains,
won the Wild West, laid down the railroads,
raised up those great, big, beautiful skyscrapers.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Conquered the skies for two world wars and won,
and we didn't have to change the name
of the forts, by the way. Does anybody
know what I mean by that? Fort
Bragg is no longer Fort Bragg.
We won two world wars. So many of the
forts are changed. The names of the
forts have changed. We won freedom from
those forts, and they changed the name.
So horrible. Defeated fascism and communism,
mastered spaceflight, created Space Force.
That was my first time in 78 years. and made
America into the single greatest nation in the
history of the world. But now we are a nation
in serious decline. We are a failing nation. We
are a nation that has lost its confidence,
lost its willpower, and lost its strength.
We are a nation that has lost, quite simply,
its way. But we are not going to allow this
horror to continue. Less than four years ago, we
were a great nation. We were a respected nation,
respected all over the world, by
China, by Russia, by everybody.
And we will soon be a great nation
again. With the right leadership,
every disaster Joe Biden has created can be fixed,
and it can be fixed quickly. Every problem can
be solved, and every wrong can be rectified.
By this time next year, America's borders will be
strong and sealed and secure. Inflation will be
in full retreat. Our economy will be roaring back.
Optimism and spirit will be surging. The American
dream will be thriving again for citizens
of every race, religion, color, and creed.
Law and justice will reign all throughout
our land. Freedom will be restored. The
flame of liberty will be burning bright. Joe
Bright, this guy is just the worst. Joe Biden,
the worst president in the history of
our country, will be a fading nightmare.
He'll be a fading, I have fading memory,
but I think he, do you mind if I change
it? He will be a fading nightmare. He's
been a nightmare for this country. He's
destroying, he is destroying our country.
He's the worst we've ever had. He's destroying
our country. And our great silent majority,
including the once forgotten men and women of
our country, will be the one shaping America's
magnificent future when I am the 47th
president of the United States of America.
Because we are all Americans, and together
we will show November 5th to be the most
important day in the history of America.
We are one movement, one people, one
family, and one glorious nation under God.
We will make America powerful again.
We will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America strong again.
We will make America proud again.
We will make America safe again.
We will make America free again.
We will make America free again.
We will make America great again.
Thank you, Wisconsin.
God bless you, Wisconsin. Thank you.
Get out and vote. Get out and vote, everybody.
God bless you all.