# 🇺🇸 Donald Trump | Full Speech at Rally in Charlotte, North Carolina [CC Subtitles] (July 24, 2024)
# Channel: MAGNO NEWS
# Upload Date: 2024-07-25
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37VqgNlQbQg
# Language: en
# Extraction Method: youtube_api
# Confidence: 100.0%
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 09:49:03

================================================================================

USA! USA! USA!
Thank you very much. Thank
you, Richard. Thank you,
Richard. He's one hell of a man. Thank
you, Richard. It's a great honor to be
introduced by you. And thank you
to a place called North Carolina.
And I have these incredible women from North
Carolina right over there. And they've been to,
I shouldn't tell you, 129 different rallies. Can
you believe it? Look how great they
look. And their husbands love them.
I don't know how the husbands do this.
They travel all over. And finally,
we have one in North Carolina. Nice and easy.
It's nice. It's nice and easy for you. Now,
they're incredible people, 129 rallies.
It's great. But it's really tremendous
to be back in this beautiful state with
thousands and thousands of proud,
hardworking American patriots,
which is what you are. This is a nice arena.
How about the people outside that can't get in?
That's a lot of people, too. Would anybody
like to give up your seat? Would anybody?
Just not generous people.
As you know, three days ago,
we officially defeated the worst president in
the history of our country, Crooked Joe Biden.
He quit because he was losing
so badly in the polls. He was
down in every single poll and down
by a lot, so he quit. But really,
what happened was the leaders of the Democrat
Party in a very undemocratic move, the bosses,
they said, either you get out or we're going
to throw you out using the 25th Amendment.
That's what happened. You
know that. So what? Well,
you know that. That's what happens.
That's what happens. He's a nasty people,
the Democrats, so we better beat them or
we're not going to have a country left.
You're not going to have a country left. So now we
have a new victim to defeat. Kamala
Harris. LYER, L-Y-E-R, apostrophe.
The most incompetent and far left vice president
in American history. By the way, they did a poll.
She was rated the worst vice president in history.
I've never seen that poll before, but that's the
poll. Together we will win North Carolina in
an epic landslide. We're way ahead in the poll.
And we will take back that beautiful White House,
and we will very simply make America great again.
For three and a half years, Lion Kamala Harris
has been the ultra-liberal driving force behind
every single Biden catastrophe. She is a
radical left lunatic who will destroy our
country. Like if she ever gets the chance to get
into office, we're not going to let that happen.
You know, I was supposed to be nice.
They say something happened to me when
I got shot. I became nice. And when
you're dealing with these people,
they're very dangerous people. When you're
dealing with them, you can't be too nice.
You really can't be. So if you don't mind,
I'm not going to be nice. Is that OK?
A lot better be nice. Thank you. Kamala Harris is
the most liberal elected politician in
American history. Did you know that?
She's an old lady, ultra-liberal politician.
She's absolutely terrible. She's, as you know,
more liberal than Bernie Sanders, can you
believe it? She's rated far more liberal
than Bernie Sanders, and she's now trying
to get rid of her record, but she can't.
She's going out and saying things that she
doesn't believe, and if she ever got in,
she'd destroy this country so fast.
So she was the border czar, but she
never went to the border, right? She was
appointed by this horrible president,
this horrible guy, how this guy got
to be president in his basement.
He stayed in his basement. And we did a lot
better the second time that we did the first,
how this guy got to be president,
what they've done to this country
in three and a half years, and
we're going to turn it around.
But what they've done... to our
country is unthinkable. As borders are,
Kamala threw open our borders and
allowed 20 million illegal aliens
to stampede into our country from all
over the world. As Vice President,
she cast the tie-breaking votes that created
the worst inflation in a half a century,
decimating middle-class families and hurting very
badly, as you know, all people in North Carolina.
And by the way, Laura says hello,
Laura. Do we love Laura? How good
is Laura? She is terrific. She has
done a tremendous job. You know,
I'm saying it now because if I forget it later
on, they'll say he's cognitively challenged.
I don't want to be cognitively,
no, but I want to thank her because
she's unbelievable. She loves it. I'll
introduce Michael in a couple of minutes,
but I want to remember to introduce Laura. She's
been a fantastic daughter-in-law and wife to Eric.
And she happened to name her one
beautiful daughter. You know what?
Carolina. Carolina. I said, which one,
which Carolina? She said, well, North,
of course. Let's call them both.
Do you mind if I call them both?
They've both been great, frankly. And
when Kamala Harris was sent to Europe
to deter Russia, what a joke that was,
from attacking Ukraine, how did that work
out? Russia answered by launching the
invasion just five days after she left.
Putin laughed at her like she
was nothing. She is nothing.
She's going to be. She's so bad for us.
Everything Kamala touches. turns into a
total disaster. She's destroyed
San Francisco with the policies.
Check out San Francisco. Twenty years ago
was the greatest city in our country. Today,
it's not a livable city. She'll
destroy our country if she's elected,
so we won't let her be elected.
We can't let that happen.
Unbelievably, despite all of the damage she's
caused, radical liberal Kamala Harris now wants,
he wants a promotion to deliver four more years of
chaos. We've had the worst four years. You know,
I say about Biden, if you took the ten worst
presidents in the history of our country,
added them up, they won't have done the
damage that Crooked Joe Biden has done.
But this November, the American
people are going to No thanks,
Kamala. You've done a terrible job. You've
been terrible at everything you've done.
You're ultra liberal that we don't want
you here. We don't want you anywhere.
Kamala, you're fired. Get
out of here. You're fired.
And yet the fake news, which a month ago said
she was incompetent, said she was a stiff,
just a dopey stiff. Nobody talked to her.
She was firing her staff, left and right.
The staff hates her. Oh, wait until you see
the stories that are going to come out about
her staff. If that were me, they'd be all
over the place. But the fake news tries to
cover her up. But wait until you see she
was the worst with the staff of anybody.
But the fake news is talking about lying
Kamala as if she's the savior of our
country. That she's so brave. I've never seen a
turnaround like this. I mean, three weeks ago,
four weeks ago, she was the
worst politician in America.
Now they say, isn't it amazing? Look
at her. She's so beautiful. She's so
magnificent. She has a crowd of 1000 people the
other day. And the fake news that they worked
hard to get that crowd. We have crowds
of 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70 ,000 people.
And the fake news said, oh, her crowd
was amazing. It was a maid. You see it
the other day? She had a maybe a thousand
people. I doubt it. They worked their asses
off to get those people to go.
And I wonder what they gave her.
They said, oh, this is such a big
crowd. She's got such momentum. I
don't think she's going to have
a lot of momentum after. this
speech because I'm telling you about
her. We're telling you the facts.
I'm just giving you the facts. But
they said it was such a big crowd,
such a beautiful crowd. They never mention our
crowds like this crowd. Look at this crowd.
You can multiply her crowds times 20 and
30, and she wouldn't get what we get.
107 ,000 people recently in New Jersey.
We might win New Jersey. We're up in New
Jersey. 82 ,000 in South Carolina. And by the way,
we would have had a number here that
would have been through the roof.
But we are confined. As beautiful as
this arena is, I just met the owner.
He said it's an all time record because
you know, they have basketball, hockey,
but With basketball, hockey, you
can't fill up the floors, right?
So we set the all-time record, and it's
a very, he's a very nice gentleman,
great family. And we set the all-time record.
And if this thing were twice as large,
it would be filled up with the people outside.
Sixty-eight thousand people in the great state
of Alabama. Sixty-eight thousand. And then we
did one in the South Bronx, and that
can be a rough place. But we did one,
and it was like a love fest.
This was an amazing thing.
We had 25 ,000 people in the South Bronx.
Amazing. And if I ever had a crowd like
Kamala, assuming she had 2 ,000 people,
assuming, which I don't think she did.
But if I ever had a crowd,
they'd do headline stories.
Trump is over. It's all over. It's not
working for him anymore. They never
mentioned a crowd. I tell those, look at all
those cameras back there. And I always say,
but they never do it, turn the cameras around
to show them the crowd, but they never do it.
They never do it. They never want to do
it. They just don't want to do it. They
don't want to do it. I don't know why. Even the
semi-friendly camera, they don't turn. You know,
I used to think it was a physical thing
with the camera, you know, the steel.
You can't turn. You can't turn. And in 2015,
it started right from the beginning, these
big crowds. But now, I have to tell you,
there's more spirit now. We won in 2016. We
did much better in 2020, but it was rigged.
It was rigged. But this is bigger than
2020. This is bigger than 2016. And I
think the reason is you like me a lot, but
you know what you really like? When you look
at the incompetent administration that we have
with the inflation, with the Afghanistan, with
all of the things they've done wrong, everything,
the border, the borders are, oh, the borders are.
When you look at how bad they are,
you say, you know, I like Trump,
but now I really like Trump because we don't
want to go back. Front row Joe's. Front row Joe.
You know, front row Joe's, they've been to 201.
I hate to tell you that, North
Carolina. They have beat you,
201, and they were two rough ones last week.
That was a rough one. I saw them. They were
sitting in the front row and things were
happening that weren't too nice, right?
Amazing, right? But they were there. They
were there, and they didn't move. You know,
amazing. Nobody moved. When a bullet goes off,
this is a freak thing, but a bullet
goes off. Crowds always run. They run.
They call it a stampede. Nobody ran. And we
had 55 ,000 people. Nobody ran. You could see
the small group we had behind. And now
you could see the group behind because
the camera was on. We had a tremendous, you
know, like hundreds of people from the press.
We had cameras going on, and you could see
behind me, they weren't — they were like
this. How about the guy right behind me in the
black with the green hat that he's looking like
this? That guy was — I want to meet him, but
they had a lot of guys like that back there.
But did you see him? They've only played
that clip about 5 ,000 times. They see
it every day. It's over and over.
But you see how brave — normally,
when something like that happens,
everybody but Richard will leave.
Richard will stay. He's a tough cookie. But no,
everybody scrambles. They run. Nobody ran.
Same thing with the group out front. The group
out front was the big group. Thousands
and thousands of people, nobody left.
They just stood there watching because
they saw that I was in trouble. Either
I was in trouble or something
was happening because I had a
lot of blood in my hand. I checked
out. I said, oh, yeah, what's this?
But no, they saw that. And when
I went down, they saw that,
and nobody left. It was like — the whole thing
is like a big love fest. Let's face it. It's a
whole big love fest. It's amazing. We love
you, we love you, we love you, we love you.
That was a horrible thing. That was
a rough thing. And say what you want,
Secret Service Day, the ones on this day, on the
day as these guys right here, the tough cookies,
they ran, bullets were flying, bullets were
flying and they were running right at me.
And it was a rough, horrible, horrible time. And
they said, sir, we have a stretcher for you. I
said, you're not putting me, I'm not getting
on a stretcher. They had a stretcher. I said,
that's not going to look very good
if I get carried out on a stretcher.
Hello, everybody. Thank you,
everybody. He said, I'm not getting,
where are my shoes? My shoes got knocked off.
They tackled me so damn hard. But. It was a
terrible thing in so many ways. And as you
know, we lost somebody who was fantastic.
Corey, fantastic. His family is
fantastic. And two other greats.
A little bit and you know, the public
has really been generous to them,
too. They opened up their hearts. The I
wouldn't even tell you the numbers are
so incredible, but they opened up
their hearts to the three of them.
And these two were hurt very badly,
but they're both now in pretty good
shape. They'll soon be in very good shape.
So, but, but I just looked down here at
front road shows and it just reminded me of
that incident a week and a half ago, right?
You were right there watching it.
You saw it and you guys, by the way,
weren't moving either. I saw you,
you didn't move. You were just,
they were standing just like they're
standing right now. They were standing.
They were, they're great. They're great
and sad. Such a, such a distressed,
sick world. But you know, it could be
caused when they call you a threat to
democracy. You never know what
causes it. I'm a threat to that.
They're a threat to democracy. They're a threat
to, they're a threat to our country, period.
But that was some time we had that was some,
that was some rough time, but it was incredible.
The people I got to know through that, I got to
know some unbelievable and really brave people.
But the next time they show that clip,
which will be as soon as you get home,
they'll show it about 30 times. They show it
every day over and over, but watch the people
behind. They always stampede. If a bullet goes
off or something happens at a soccer stadium
or a stadium, and we had more people than most
of those stadiums would have, everyone runs.
Nobody ran. They stayed and they,
and you have to look. The one guy,
it just was so. He just was so angry.
He was looking. I got to meet him.
There's something about brave people that I
love, right? People that love our country.
He's out there. He's like up there, up there.
No, they're great. They're great people.
And we had a great convention. We had a
great convention. We had a convention
that broke all television ratings.
How good was the Hulkster, right? Kid Rock
called. And Kid Rock called. He wanted to
be a part. He was fantastic.
But they were all fantastic.
It was the greatest. It was just a
flawless convention. It was great.
And the television ratings were record-setting
ratings. Record. You all read that.
They were record-setting ratings. And
it was just an honor. The stadium was
beautiful. Milwaukee was beautiful.
Wisconsin's promised me they're all
going to vote for me now because we
put $250 million into their economies.
We're going to win the great state of
Wisconsin. But Milwaukee was great.
They did a great job. The stadium is new.
They built it for the basketball team,
which is excellent. You know the Greek, right?
The Greek. He's a good player, but they
built it for the team and it was like
new and it was one of the most, I think it was
the greatest. I really believe it. It couldn't
have been better. It was the greatest
convention that anyone's seen thus far.
Republican or Democrat. But getting back to a
subject called Kamala, who's the worst? You know,
I ask you this question because
this has never happened before.
So Biden's running. I wouldn't say his debate
performance was one of the best, right?
Do you agree? That's where it all started
with the debate. The downfall started that
night with the debate. The debate was
like that was a rough debate. He said,
y 'all had a bad night. No, he had a bad night.
He had a bad everything. He had a very bad night,
but it started really with the debate. It was all,
you know, the game was up. They say the jig
was up and it was indeed up, but it started
with that and then it only got worse and we
were leading him by 11, 12, 14, 15 points.
And then he said decides to get
out because the bosses said,
we're not going to have you. He didn't
want to get out, but they told him,
you get now. They said, you're getting
out. You're getting killed in the polls.
You can't win. You saw that you
can't win. You're getting killed.
So now they bring in this one who's
worse than him. She's worse than
him because he's a fake liberal.
You know, he wasn't that liberal.
He was fake. She's a real liberal. She
really is a real liberal. She's much
worse than him. turn the polls by 10
or 15 points, are they going to bring
in a third candidate? It's like, you know,
Trump is killing this guy, all right, out.
Let's bring in a new one, out, out. And
then maybe at some point they get one right,
but when will that stop? And you
know, the guy had 14 million votes,
so much for democracy. You
know, they talk about democracy.
He had 14 million votes, and they said, we're
going to give it to somebody with no votes. She
had no votes. In addition to her horrendous
record as vice president, Kamala Harris has
also been caught red-handed perpetrating the
biggest scandal in American political history.
For three and a half years, Harris
shamelessly lied to the public to
cover up Joe Biden's mental unfitness, claiming
that Crooked Joe was at the absolute top of
his game. I don't think so. I don't think so.
I wish him well, but I don't like
him. He's not a nice person. I mean,
he's not a nice person. He's trying to
put me in jail. Why would I like him?
Right? That's the first time. First
time. And she's the one behind it.
And she's got a new line, you know, she's going,
I'm the prosecutor. She's one of the worst
prosecutors in history. She destroyed
San Francisco. I'm the prosecutor. And
he's the convicted felon or something.
A radical left judge in an area
where every one of these cases,
every one of them is brought by them.
So think of it. They get me to that
position. And then their campaign says, I'm
the prosecutor. And he is the convicted felon.
That's their campaign. I don't think
people are going to buy it. And we
won our big case. You know, we won the
case in Florida. That was a big one.
And I got out by beating their Justice
Department. And he got out of the same case,
except his was far different because
he had 50 years of documents, right?
He got out by being incompetent. The
prosecutor said he had no memory. He
basically said he's incompetent. So he
shouldn't stand trial. Can you imagine?
He can be president, but he can't stand trial.
What's that about? But no, but it was all
headed up by her because she's a prosecutor,
a really bad one. If Kamala will lie to you so
brazenly about Joe Biden's mental incapacity,
then she will lie to you about
anything she can never ever be trusted.
She can't be trusted. And just like crooked
Joe Biden, Kamala Harris is unfit to lead.
She's unfit to lead. She'll destroy our country
in a year. This country will be. destroyed. A
vote for Kamala is a vote for four more years of
dishonesty, incompetence, weakness, and failure.
Other than that, she's doing an
excellent job. A vote for Trump
Vance. How do you like? How do you
like? JD Vance. How do you like him?
A vote for Trump Vance administration is a vote
to restore leadership competence, common sense,
and strength back to the Oval Office like
we had it just three and a half years ago.
If Kamala Harris gets in, she would be
the most radical far-left extremist ever
to occupy the White House times 10. There's never
been a lunatic like this in the White
House, and we've had some bad ones.
But the worst one is Joe, actually. As a senator,
Harris was ranked The number one most
left-wing Democrat in the Senate. Think
of that. She's ranked the number one.
Now, that's not what this country wants.
She makes Bernie look like a moderate. You
know, he looks like Bernie Sanders. He's
actually quite moderate by comparison. Here's
just some of her crazy liberal record. Kamala
Harris co-sponsored Bernie Sanders' $32 trillion
plan for a socialist takeover of the entire U .S.
health system, which will be a disaster and
will bankrupt Medicare and Social Security.
They're gone. And remember, Social Security is
going to be gone anywhere if we're not elected,
because they're putting all of these millions
of people that are pouring into our country.
They're putting them into Social
Security, Medicare, schools,
hospitals. And we all have a big heart, but
some of those people are tough, from prisons,
from mental institutions, terrorists. When
asked if her plan would outlaw private health
insurance for 180 million Americans, Kamala
replied, let's just eliminate all of it.
That's all she said. We'll eliminate
all. That's nice. Thank you very much,
Kamala. She endorsed free taxpayer-funded
government health care for all illegal aliens,
everybody that walks into
our country that's illegal.
This is why they come when these stupid
people, they're stupid, low-IQ people,
when they say, we're going to give you health
care, we're going to give you everything. They
come. You're not going to say, we're
going to give you all of these things.
They're going to come, even if they're
fine in their country. And people are
being killed in the caravans, especially
women. They're dying on the way up. It's
horrible. It's horrible. You
have to see the real numbers.
She co-sponsored the $100 trillion green new
scam with the goal of completely abolishing the
oil coal and natural gas industries, which would
reduce the United States to a third world country.
No more oil.
No more gasoline. Good luck with your electric
car that goes for about 45 minutes before you
have to get it. You know, someplace like
in the Midwest, did you see? They built
eight chargers. You know, a charge like it's
sort of like the equivalent of a gas pump.
They built eight chargers for $9 billion,
and two of them don't work. That's a big
problem. And if we were going to charge up
the entire country for the electric car,
if we were going to charge
up, it would cost $5 trillion.
That's more money than we would have. We
would have to file for bankruptcy. And
they don't care. They say, let's do it anyway.
She said that a 70 to 80 percent tax hike is,
quote, a bold idea that should be discussed.
She wants an 80 percent. You know, I gave
you the largest tax cuts in history. She
wants to take them away and increase your
taxes. I don't think you're going to be too
happy. Kamala publicly boasted.
Quote, there's no question I'm in favor of banning
fracking. She wants no fracking.
Now, that pertains to Pennsylvania,
Texas. It pertains Oklahoma. It pertains
to a lot of other places, more so than you.
But it pertains to you, where you all are,
because you're going to be paying a lot of
money. You're going to be paying so much.
You're going to say, bring back Trump.
Please, please, please bring back Trump.
We want some common sense, please. She
supports mandatory gun confiscation to
rip firearms out of the hands
of millions of law-abiding gun
owners. She wants to take away your
Second Amendment, which we need.
Lion Kamala is also a total radical
on a word called, do you know this,
right? A word called what? She's a radical,
crazy person. When you compare my position
on abortion to that of Kamala Harris, my
position is eight points higher in the polls.
And that's because she is so radical. She
wants abortions in the eighth and ninth
month of pregnancy. That's fine
with her. Right up until birth,
and even after birth, the execution of
a baby, because that's not abortion.
That's the execution of a baby. You remember
the governor? You remember the former
governor. The current governor is excellent.
The former governor of Virginia, he said, yes,
we may have the baby, and then we decide
with the mother what to do with the baby.
This is after the baby is born now. She supports
that. She supports taxpayer funds to pay for
abortion for any reason whatsoever. She even
voted against legislation that would require
medical providers to give care to babies
born alive after an attempted abortion.
Think of that one. Whereas our position is that
abortion. is now back to the states. You know,
for 52 years, they've wanted to bring its Roe
v. Wade. They wanted to bring it back to the
states. It wasn't about how many weeks
and how many that everybody wanted it.
Every legal scholar, every Democrat,
every Republican, liberals, conservatives,
they wanted it brought back to the states.
And because we had a very brave six people
on the Supreme Court of the United
States, so they were very brave.
After 52 years, they allowed it, but everybody
wanted it. And they were brave to do it. And
now it's up to the will of the people in
each state. And it's happening in Ohio.
They voted. And frankly, it came out to be
more of a liberal policy, but they voted.
And it's getting back in Kansas.
You saw what happened there,
somewhat of a liberal policy. Texas
goes and Alabama goes and other states,
but it's all being voted on by the states.
It's back in the hands of the people.
And the state returns the age-old
question to where it belongs. And
it belongs with the people, and it belongs
over time. And you see what's happening,
and you see how it's working out. Like
Ronald Reagan, very importantly, I support.
I happen to support. You have to go with
your heart, but I happen to support the
three exceptions, rape, incest, and the
life of the mother. I think that's the
way. But follow your heart. But you also
have to remember, you have to get elected.
You have to remember, because we have elections,
and elections are about a lot of other things,
too, that are very important.
But you have to get elected.
But Ronald Reagan was for that. I
was for that, the three exceptions.
And as Vice President, Kamala Harris
cast the tie-breaking vote to cut,
as you know, Medicare by $273
billion. She cast a vote to cut
Medicare. Nobody knows that. She
doesn't want people to know that.
Now what she's doing is she's running
away from Israel. She refuses to go to
Bibi Netanyahu. Yahoo is in Washington.
She refuses to be there. Even if you're
against Israel or you're against the Jewish
people, show up and listen to the concept.
But she's totally against the Jewish people.
And it amazes me how Jewish people will vote
for the Democrats when they're being
treated so disrespectually and badly. It
amazes me. It's shocking. I don't, I don't get it.
I don't get it. Kamala even wants to pass
laws to outlaw red meat to stop climate
change. And she is, you know what that
means. That means no more cows. You know,
this is serious. No, this means no more cows.
I guess eventually she's going to mean
no more people, right? No more people.
So if you want socialist healthcare, nation
wrecking inflation, the death of American
energy. and a lying, radical-left liberal,
San Francisco, extremely — one for you.
Just like she destroyed San Francisco, she will
destroy our entire country. And let me tell you,
it's in pretty bad shape right now, anyway.
What they've done in three and a half years,
especially — I mean, think of Afghanistan,
the most embarrassing moment, day
in the history of our country.
We got out at a weakness. We were going
to get out, but we were going to get
out of strength and dignity. We were
going to get out. They left, you know,
$85 billion worth of brand new equipment,
brand new, beautiful military equipment.
I rebuilt the military. They
got equipment that I bought,
and they left it in Afghanistan. And you know
that Afghanistan — now the Taliban — Afghanistan
is the second or third largest seller
of military equipment in the world.
They're taking this gorgeous stuff,
and they're selling it. And they make
it a fortune because they don't need they
don't need 700 ,000 rifles and guns. They
don't need 77 ,000 trucks and cars. Many
of them are built with all steel bottoms.
They're all guarded up for the
horrible bombs that they had to
endure. They're all very expensive. These
are very expensive things. And they're
selling them now because they just need
a tiny fraction of what they were left.
We were going to take it all out.
We were going to keep Bagram,
the big air base. We had 13
soldiers killed. We had 40,
seven soldiers horribly, horribly hurt. No
legs, no arms. Nobody ever talks about them.
They talk about the 13 dead. They
never talk about the 47 that have
been so horribly hurt. I mean, just
it's so bad. It's so horrible to see.
But 47 is an important number. Maybe
there's something to it, you know, 47.
That's an important number.
And basically, she's a very bad person and
she shouldn't be running for president. She
is a threat to democracy, a true threat to
democracy. She'll destroy our nation. But
if you want no inflation, low
gas prices, how about $1 .87?
And we had it actually lower than that. If you
want energy independence and even now energy
dominance, we're going to be dominant. You know,
you have to see the chart. And my favorite chart
of all, of course, some of you would understand
what I mean, was the immigration chart.
Because I looked over and I said,
look at that chart. Does anybody
know what I'm talking about? So
my all time favorite chart. Man,
am I lucky to show that chart? I said,
let me see that. Let me see that chart.
down. That wasn't good. That's my
all time favorite chart. It showed
how great we did on immigration. My
last week, my last week in office,
we had the lowest number of illegal aliens
that we ever had coming across our board.
I was very proud of the chart. You see it go
like this and then it goes like a skyrocket.
But forget that. I like it for other reasons,
too. I will sleep with that chart for the rest
of my life. But if you want the greatest
economy in history again and freedom,
if you want freedom, real freedom,
because we're going we're going in
a very bad direction, then you
must vote for a gentleman named.
Perhaps you've heard of him, Donald
J. Trump. Perhaps you've heard
of him. USA! USA! USA! USA! Kamala
Harris's California socialism would
kill the American dream forever. You know, you
don't hear about the American dream anymore.
We're going to bring back the American dream for
our children. Under Trump Vance administration,
and he's terrific. By the way,
he's been incredible. You know,
he wrote the great book on workers, about how
workers were being horribly taken advantage of,
became a movie, big best-selling
book, became a great movie actually.
And he's a great guy, went to Yale Law
School without any connections because
his father passed away and his mother
had some difficulty. And you get into
Yale without any connections, that's pretty good.
And he was a great student, then he met
his beautiful wife at Yale, two smart
people. It's really an amazing story, amazing.
Became a senator from the great state of Ohio,
Ohio loves him. So he's exactly what we
want, and he's a very common sense guy.
But we'll bring back that American dream bigger,
better, and stronger than ever before.
Bigger, better, and stronger. And remember,
there's no issue in which Kamala has been more
unhinged than her wild pursuit of open borders.
She's crazy. She's crazy. Who could want
open borders? Who could want that? It's like,
who could ever want men playing in
women's sports in a much smaller way?
Did you see a beautiful woman volleyball
player two weeks ago got badly hurt?
I didn't know you could get hurt in volleyball,
but when the ball comes back at you at 140 miles
an hour, I guess that can hurt. Got knocked
out. But playing with a man who transitioned and
transitioned.
And she was a top player. She said, I've
never seen a ball come at me like that.
I played volleyball for a long time since
I'm a little girl. I've never seen a ball,
Richard. Richard, as she said,
I've never seen a ball come.
What about race car drivers?
You want to have a couple of.
transition race car drivers.
Maybe that's okay. Actually,
that could work. That could work. I have
a good one for you. I'd like to recommend.
That could work, maybe. But she said, I've
never seen a ball come or the weightlifting
record. You see what's happening there? For
18 years, they had a record. Eighteen years,
a quarter of an ounce and a quarter
of an ounce on the barbells, right?
A quarter of an ounce. A little
tiny thing. And she goes,
ah, ah, Olympic tryouts. Mom and dad are in
the front. And I hate to do it. You know,
my wife says, it's so unprecedented
when you do that. Can you believe it?
So I'm embarrassed. I used to give it a big push,
but now I'm embarrassed. You know, I
know I'm embarrassed to do it. She says,
darling, your speech was wonderful, but please
do stop with the weightlifting and the swimming.
It's so unprecedented. You know,
she's a class act. But I said,
but people like it. People like it. She looked
good two weeks ago coming into that arena.
She's a classic. Turn off
your cameras for a second.
Boy, that's a lot of cameras. Man. No, no.
They get it up and they can't question it. Mom,
I'm sorry, Mom. And a guy comes out
for the tryouts. He comes out. Have
you lifted before? No. No.
I haven't really tried it.
We'll give it a shot. Bing, bong.
Right? How crazy is it? Or the swimmers, the
all-American swimmer. She's getting ready.
She's going to break the record. Just stood for
12 years. And she's beautiful, beautiful, strong.
And she looks left and she sees all
the girls she's grown up with because,
as Richard will tell you, those great,
talented people. Like, Richard wanted to
drive race cars more than anything else. But
he didn't quite have the courage to put that
pedal to the floor like a couple of your
competitors that we know so well, right?
So, instead, he said, hell,
I'm going to own the cars,
and I'm going to make a lot of
money. This is too much for me,
right? He had Dale Earnhardt. These guys were
going around the track, and Richard's driving.
He said, I don't know. I can't
do that. I understand. That's the
way it is. But he became the best
at what he did. And some others,
too, that I know that are friends. It's a
great — by the way, that's a great sport.
That whole thing is great. How you do it
is amazing. It's so amazing. We should
send you into — I've always said, get some
of these guys. I have a lot of friends in
that world. I don't know. I think, is
it Roger Penske like a great guy, too?
Guy won — he won 20 Indianapolis 500s.
This guy wins all the time. I mean,
we appreciate talent. I said,
let me use these guys to guide
our military a little bit. When you
can win so many races, that's okay.
You know, you guide. Same thing with coaches.
You take some of the greatest football coaches,
you put them at a table. What do you like,
Coach? Because in its own way,
it's not so much really different.
But it's been sort of amazing. But she
looks over left and she sees. And then
she looks over right and she sees a lot
of the young ladies that she grew up with,
girls. They're girls and now they're mature women.
They want to break this record. They
want to qualify for the Olympics. And
then right next to her is this giant.
He's got the wingspan of Wilter Stilt
Chamberlain. You know Wilter Stilt, seven
foot two, the longest arms ever recorded.
And she looks and she goes, oh, who is this? Oh,
he transitioned and he's in the swimming
contest. He's in the meet and this meet is
a big deal. And she's a little nervous,
but she's going to break that record.
And they say, on your mark, set, go.
And she goes and she goes and she goes,
but she got, as you know, very badly injured,
right? You know what it was? Windburn. She got
burned by the wind. He went so fast by her.
She suffered massive windburn. We had to
take her out of it. Massive windburn. No,
it's so crazy. Men playing in
women's sports. It's demeaning. Who
could want this? Who could want open
borders? Who could want high taxes?
Who could want high taxes? Who wants
this? They have so many things. You know,
we're the party of common
sense because we're with it,
but we're the party of common sense.
We have to get back to common sense.
Lion Kamala. us support an abolishing ICE. She
compared ICE agents to members of the KKK. Can
you believe it? It's so disrespectful. And
these guys, these people are great. I've
seen them and I've seen tapes of them and
they go into a pack of MS-13 killers out
in Long Island and they walk into that pack and
all you see is fists are flying left and right.
Two minutes later, they walk out
and they've got them by the legs
and they throw them into a paddy wagon
and we take them the hell out of our
country and she wants to get rid of Kamala
voted in favor of deadly sanctuary city.
She supports decriminalizing illegal
border crossings and she supports mass
amnesty for all illegals. Think of that.
Everybody coming in right now. And many
of these people are coming out of the
prisons and the mental institutions.
They're going to get amnesty. She
wants everybody to have amnesty. Then,
Joe Biden made her the border czar,
and that's when it really got bad. She launched
a colossal illegal alien invasion of a country.
She said, come on in. Then she said, remember
what? Then she copied him. Don't. Everyone say,
don't what? Don't. Remember, don't? Don't. Don't.
Don't. Don't. On my very first day back in the
White House, I will terminate every single open
border policy of the Biden-Harris administration,
and we will seal the border, and we will
stop Kamala Harris invasion without delay.
It'll happen immediately, right?
We will do it immediately. Under border czar,
Harris, illegal aliens are pouring in by the
millions and millions and millions. There's going
to be 20 million, maybe more than that by the end.
You ever hear of gotaways? They don't include
gotaways. You know what a gotaway is? The people
that get in, which is probably most of them.
It's probably already over 20 million. You know,
we're losing 300 ,000 people a year to
fentanyl that comes through our border.
We had it down to the lowest number,
and now it's worse than it's ever
been. We had the best border, the most
secure border we've ever had. And now,
in just a short period of time, we
have the worst numbers in history.
They're coming not just from South America,
but from Africa, from Asia, from the Middle
East. They're coming from everywhere. They're
coming from all over the world, from prisons and
jails, mental institutions, and insane asylums.
You know, they go crazy when I say the
late great Hannibal Lecter. They say,
why would he mention Hannibal Lecter? He
must be cognitively in trouble. No, no,
no. These are real stories. Hannibal
Lecter from Silence of the Lamb.
He's a lovely man. He wants
to have you for dinner. He'd
like to have you for dinner. These
people are coming into our country,
and terrorists are coming in at the
highest levels that we've ever seen.
You know, in 2019, Border Patrol put out
a chart. And I don't believe this chart,
but I like it. I use it all the time. It said,
during 2019, we had zero terrorists. It's
impossible, I think. But they said it.
I'll take it. Where is Brandon?
Brandon, is that right? 2019,
the great Brandon Judd. 2019 from Border Patrol.
2019, they had zero terrorists coming in. Now,
I think it has to be. I'm sure some
got in a little bit, but not very many.
But they had it down at zero, so I use that all
the time. But now we have hundreds and hundreds
and thousands of terrorists coming into our
country, coming in from all over the world.
Meanwhile, our crime rate is going up, despite
the fact that they like to say it's not, come on.
Well, crime statistics all over the world are
plunging. And you know why they're plunging?
Because other countries are taking their
criminal elements and they're bringing them
into the United States of America and they're
dumping them in our, we're a dumping ground.
We're a stupid country that's run by stupid
people and we're going to make this country
so great again, but we have to fix it. In
Venezuela, which was written with crime, crime
is down 72 percent because they're sending all of
their criminals to the United States of America.
Now think of it, next year what
we'll do, oh, if they win, I, look,
I never want to say, you know, I never
said, we're going to win. They cheat
like hell. We got to get out. We got
a too big to rig and all that stuff.
But if they ever got in, we will have another
meeting. We'll do it in Venezuela because it'll
be much safer than any place in the United
States. Because by that time, we'll have
all the criminals from all over the world in
our country, because that's what's happening.
You're not going to teach a criminal not
to be a criminal. It's just not going
to happen. Maybe a little bit, but you're
not going to happen. One of the countries,
the president of the country, I don't want to
really mention the name, but he's a nice guy.
I know every one of them. They're very smart
people. They're very sharp. They're at the
top of their game. Our guy was not at the top and
this one is just, she never could be. By the way,
lousy student, failed her law exam, said,
you know that she couldn't pass her bar.
She couldn't pass her bar exams. Does
anyone know that? They're not going to
do. They say that on NBC News. Ladies
and gentlemen, we are breaking news,
Kamala Harris could not pass her bar exams,
but she's going to be a great president, right?
No, she couldn't pass the bar exams. She
couldn't pass anything. She couldn't pass
everything. She couldn't pass anything.
But just think of this, these countries,
and if I were the head of one of the
countries, I would be worse than any of them.
I mean, some of them actually have
half of their prison population. Still,
I wouldn't have any. Richard
wouldn't have any. You and I,
our country would be the safest country. Every
criminal would be in the United States of America.
I can tell you, Richard Childress, every
criminal would already be here. Every jail
would be empty. Every mental institution in
St. asylum would be empty. They'd all be in
the United States. And that's what, in a short
period of time, that's what's going to happen.
We're going to have all of their
criminals. The only thing good
about them is they make our criminals.
look like very nice people by comparison.
He's a serious criminal. He's a
rough. These are rough killers.
But under borders are Harris. Can you
believe it? Our communities are being
ravaged by migrant crime. I call it migrant
crime. I used to call it Biden migrant crime,
but now I'll probably change
it to Harris or Kamala.
You know, took him about what four years to
pronounce her name right. And then she did an
overthrow. That was a very undemocratic
move, wasn't it? Earlier this year,
a 15 year old girl in Massachusetts
was raped by a migrant who Biden
and Harris flew into the United States
against all orders in upstate New York.
Two months ago, another 15 year old girl
was attacked by an illegal alien that just
walked into our country assaulted with a metal
pipe, abducted, driven to an isolated area,
raped and killed. And in Texas last month,
12 year old Jocelyn Nungari was tied up,
sexually assaulted and strangled to
death by two illegal aliens who Biden
and Harris released into the United
States and refused to get them out.
What kind of a vice president or what kind
of a borders are allows these monsters to
come into our country. And this is just
a small portion. These people are here
now by the hundreds of thousands. And
remember this, it's like anything else.
They're just getting comfortable. They've
just gotten here a little while ago. So you
haven't seen the kind of crime that's
going to be inflicted on our country.
They're just getting comfortable.
They're getting used to being here.
They don't know about the words politically
correct yet when you catch them and you do nothing
and then you catch them again and do nothing.
They don't know the only time they do something
if it happens to be Trump, because he talks
about how the rigged election was a disgrace.
Oh, he should get the electric chair. care,
because he said the election was rigged. But
if you rape and kill somebody and strangle them
and dump them in a creek, that's okay with these
people, because they're crazy, and we don't
want these people running our country anymore.
What kind of person allows innocent American
girls to be raped and murdered while keeping
our border wide open? Never change
it. Never change it. You know,
they passed for the election about two weeks ago.
They passed something that's meaningless. It's
absolutely meaningless. But you know that,
Brandon. They said they passed some nonsense
so that they could have a — we're having a
news conference. It actually made it worse.
It actually — we're going to be saying it did. It
made it worse. It's horrible. Kamala's deadly
destruction of America's borders is completely
and totally disqualifying. She shouldn't even be
allowed to run for president, what she's done.
She's committing crimes. No person
who deliberately lets these kind of
savage criminals into America should
ever be trusted with power again,
should ever be trusted to be
the President of our country.
If Bortozar Harris stays in charge,
every week we'll bring a never-ending stream
of illegal alien rapists, bloodthirsty killers,
and child predators to go after our sons and
our daughters. That's what's going to happen.
Everybody knows that. You're not going to talk
these people into being wonderful citizens. If
I'm elected, we will immediately deputize
local police who are dying to do the job,
by the way, but their power has been taken away.
And we'll form a massive dragnet to scour the
nation for the monsters who are murdering and
raping children all over the world. Many
of them have come here because they're
looking for them in their own countries for
rape, for murder, for all sorts of things.
And we will ship them back to the
country from which they came. We're
going to get them out of here. You know, when
I first came here, I don't tell this much,
but you couldn't get them back. I said,
well, we're going to get them out.
MS-13 in particular, the most savage,
vicious gang. They killed two 16-year-old
girls walking to school. They
killed them with a knife. They
sliced up their body. They didn't want
to use a gun because that's too quick.
They didn't want to use a gun. They sliced
them up. They sliced them up into pieces.
They killed them. And Nancy Pelosi said
they should stay in trial. You know,
nice fair trial. You know, these are monsters.
But when I first came here, I said,
we're going to get these people out,
MS-13. And the general came up to,
sir, President Obama at the time.
President Obama has been trying for four
years. President Bush has been trying.
They've all been trying. The countries won't
accept them. They don't want their MS-13 back. I
said, really? You can't get them back? No, sir,
what they do is they put major big aircraft,
commercial aircraft, on their runways so that
when we're getting nearby, we can't land, sir.
clog up the roads, right, Brandon? They
clog up — he knows, because he was trying
to send them back. They couldn't send
them back. Then they clog up the roads,
so the buses and cars — every way, you
can't get back into their countries.
And they tell the people, we'll
give you the death penalty if you
come back in. Other than that, they're
quite friendly, actually. So I said,
really, they won't accept them.
Yes, sir, we have to live with them.
I said, we're not going to live with
them. I asked, how much money do,
like Honduras and Guatemala, El Salvador,
Mexico? How much money do they get from
us for economic development and aid?
Sure, we pay them $750 million a year.
Now, that's penis-compared dollar,
but still a lot of money. We pay them
$750 million a year, sir. I said,
tell them that we're not paying anymore. They're
in default. We're not giving them the money.
We're not giving them any more money,
Brandon. We're not giving you a there,
right? You were there. So we notified
them, you're not getting any more money.
The three countries in particular,
El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras,
rough countries, and they were sending
all of their criminals into our country.
They said, we're sending them back, and you're
not going to put any airplanes on the runway,
and you're not going to clog up the roads.
We're sending them back. But I said,
how much money is $750? Inform them
that they're not getting any more money.
There's no more aid. We call it aid because
we're stupid. We call it aid. You're not
getting any more aid. There will be no more
aid to your country. And the next morning,
I got a call separately from all
three presidents of these countries.
They're a very streetwise guy. They're
very streetwise people. And they called me,
and they said, sir, there must
be a misunderstanding. I said,
what's up? He goes, sir, you have
stopped sending our aid to us.
I said, that's right, because you're not
letting the criminals that you sent in
caravans and otherwise you sent into
our country. You're not letting them
go back to your country because we said,
well, sir, I'd like to talk about that.
We would be delighted to take MS-13 back into
our country. And all three countries are the
same exact. And we sent them back,
Tom Homan and all our guys, right,
and that guy right there. We sent them back
at record levels like nobody's ever seen.
Stand up, Brandon. Brandon just. Right,
Brandon? We sent them back. Brandon was
shocked because he, you know, he was
the head of the Border Patrol. And
I'll tell you a little secret. He's
not supposed to endorse anybody.
He's really not. But he got so fed up with
the incompetent people that when I ran,
he said, I don't care, I'm
endorsing Trump. I said,
you're not supposed to do it. I said,
and he never he never wavered, did he?
He never wavered him and his whole group
of people. They're incredible. These
are incredible. people. You know, it's
much easier for him not to do the job,
but they don't want that. They
want to straighten out our country.
They love the country as much as anybody
in this room. They want to work. It's
risky. It's dangerous. They don't want
to not do their job. They want to make
our borders strong and our country safe. And
we're going to be doing that in six months.
We're going to be doing that. You know,
unfortunately, we have to wait till January 20.
But I can tell you that November 5th will be the
most important day in the history of our country.
We're going to take our country back from these
lunatics during her entire time as border zone.
Kamala has not had a single conversation
with the chief of border patrol or the
unions or anybody. Did they ever call
you? Did they ever call Brandon Judd,
please? Get him on the phone. Brandon,
how are we doing on the border?
Now, I used to call. He goes
horrible. How we doing on the border,
Brandon? We're doing — he just goes,
horrible. But I'd call you all the time,
right? I'd say, how the hell are we
doing, Brandon? And we were doing great.
That's why the chart, right? But we were
doing great. But they talked to the four
top people on the border. Have you ever spoken to
Biden? Biden doesn't know he's alive. You know,
the head of the FBI was — you know that, right?
He was in front of Congress today, and
one of the great congressmen asked him
a question. Have you ever noticed,
in all your meetings with Biden,
that he's cognitively a degenerate?
And he said, no, I never noticed that.
I never noticed that. No, no, really.
There was nothing to talk about. I
never noticed that. Now, anybody that says that,
you know they're not telling the truth. It's a
very serious thing. It's a very serious thing.
No, I didn't notice. I didn't notice.
No, I didn't notice. I didn't notice he
couldn't stand up. I didn't notice he can't
walk, and I didn't notice he can't think,
and he couldn't talk. Other than
that, he's doing quite well, however.
Thank you. No, he didn't notice. That's
a very bad thing. Very bad thing.
Very sick thing. We're pleased to be
joined today by former president of
the National Border Patrol, and that's
the man I've just been talking about.
He's been so incredible. The patrol
counsel, the head guy, and the boss,
Brandon Judd. Thank you, Brandon. Thank you. And,
Brandon, can you come up and say a couple
of words? We have time. Do we have time?
Come on, Brandon Judd. Come on, Brandon.
And I'll bet you he can beat me up those — I'll
bet you he can beat me up those stairs. Remember
when Biden challenged him to a golf match and yet
Trump was just playing with Bryson DeChambeau?
You beat him, didn't you? I live this.
I live this. Under five presidents,
I worked under five presidents. Never have we
seen a more secure border. You know this. This
isn't a secret. The most secure border
we've ever had was under Donald Trump.
The less we had fewer drug overdoses under
Donald Trump. We had fewer criminal aliens
under Donald Trump. Like he said in 2019,
zero known terrorists. That number has
jumped up more than a hundred percent
under Joe Biden, a hundred percent.
Yeah. Yeah, that's what we're seeing right
now. This was amazing. It was all about
policy. October 7th, 2016, the day of Access
Hollywood. Come on. Locker talks seriously,
and they thought that that
was going to bring him down.
We did a press conference with
Donald Trump, October 7th, 2016,
because it was about policy. That's what it's
about. If we have proper policy, we can secure
the border and we can keep your children, your
grandchildren, your great-grandchildren safe.
He can do that. He can do it. They
refuse. Kamala Harris knows what she
needs to do. I was there. I gave her
all of the policies that she needed,
all of them. And she refused to implement
them. She does not care about you.
She does not care about the safety of
this country. He does. This is the man
for the presidency. Thank you.
Wow. That was great. Thank you,
Brandon. Thank you very much. He
does some job. He does some job.
Now that she's running for president,
Kamala is suddenly trying to transform
her personality to pretend she is tough
on crime. She's so bad on crime. In fact,
Kamala Harris was the original
Marxist district attorney.
She was the first of them. You know,
you hear all about him in Philadelphia and
Los Angeles. He was the first. He was worse
than any of them. She supports ending
cash bail nationwide. She wants no bail.
If you murder somebody, just go home and
relax, murder a couple of other people,
which means releasing violent criminals
immediately after arrest. She supports
stripping police officers of legal protections,
ending jail sentences for parole violators.
And in 2020, she helped raise $35 million to bail
out criminals released from jail after
they shot at our police, looted stores,
sexually assaulted innocent victims. and
committed many other very serious crimes.
She was giving them money and bailing
them out. One of the dangerous criminals
Kamala helped bail out of jail was Sean
Michael Tillman. You know that name,
a repeat offender who, with
Harris's help, was set free.
He then went on to murder a man on a
train platform in St. Paul, Minnesota,
shooting him in cold blood six times, lying
on the ground. Shot him in the head and in the
torso six times. Kamala Harris wants to be the
president for savage criminals, illegal aliens.
I will be the president for law-abiding Americans
of every race, religion, color, and group. And I
will stop the Democrats' party war. Remember this.
The Democrats, they have a war going with police.
They have a war. They don't want to talk about it,
but they want it. The Democrat Party has a
war on with police. We will stand up to the
Marxist district attorneys. Defund
the police. That's what they want.
Defund. They wanted to fund. She
wants to defund the police. Now,
she's pulled back on it, but that's where
she is. I don't even. Does anybody even
understand the concept? That's like open
borders. That's like men in women's sports.
The same thing. I think it's maybe
even crazier than any of them. We
will give our police back their power, protection,
respect that they deserve. We're going to give
them back the respect that they deserve today.
I am honored to receive the official
endorsement of the National Association
of Police Organizations, which
is the largest in our country.
It represents 250 ,000 police officers
nationwide. It's such an honor to get it.
To me, that's a great honor. To me, that's
something that is the largest anywhere
in the United States. It's the greatest
people. I'd like to ask their President,
Mick McCall, to come up and
say a few words, please.
Thank you. Thank you, Mick. Thank you. Thank
you. Ladies and gentlemen, I am truly honored
to stand before you today. And on behalf of the
National Association of Police Organizations,
I am pleased to formally announce
Naples endorsement of Donald J.
Trump for President of the United States.
If I may, as President, President
Trump directed the Attorney General
to aggressively prosecute those who attack
officers for simply being in a uniform.
President Trump, he signed the Law
Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness
Act, and ladies and gentlemen,
that's protecting the protectors.
President Trump also signed the ability for
surplus military equipment to once again be used
to protect you, the citizens, not to take your
rights. And one of the most important things that
the President did, he recognized, he recognized
that the men and women who provide public safety,
who are part of law enforcement deserve the same
constitutional rights as the people we serve.
Thank you. Mr. President, once again, we are
proud and pleased to support your campaign,
and we are here for anything, anything
that you ever may need. God bless you,
and God bless the United States of America.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. USA! USA! USA! USA!
USA! USA! Thank you very much.
That's a big one. That's something that
means a lot to all of us in Israel.
It's no wonder the Democrat Party
and their thugs are so desperate to
stop us. They know that we are the
only ones who can stop them. We're
the only ones. This is it. This
is the big election coming up.
This is it. This is going to be the biggest
of them all. All of their persecution
is only happening because I'm running for
president. They're leading big in the polls,
every one of them. We're not
just leading against Kamala.
We're also leading against everyone, including
big leads right here in the great state of North
Carolina. We have a big lead. We have a big,
beautiful lead. The radical left Democrats rigged
the presidential election in 2020, and we're
not going to allow them to rig the Democrats.
the presidential election in 2024. You. Right,
Michael? Every time the radical F Democrats,
Marxists, communists and fascists indict me,
I consider it truly a great badge of
honor. I never thought I'd be saying that,
but I consider it a badge of honor because
I'm being indicted for you and never forget
our enemies want to take away my freedom because I
will never, ever let them take away your freedom.
I'll never let it out. They want
to silence me because I will never
let them silence you. And in the end,
they're not after me. They're after you.
I just happen to be standing
in their way and I always will.
Thank you. Thank you. We're pleased to be joined
tonight by many great North Carolina Patriots,
including Congressman Richard Hudson.
Where is Richard? Richard Hudson,
Richard. He's a big, wonderful, wonderful guy.
Wonderful warrior, Richard. Thank you. A
man who I've just been involved in from
the day he first went in, I endorsed
him. Everyone said, who is he? Turned
out to be an incredible congressman, but
now he's running for Attorney General.
He's going to be your next Attorney General.
Dan Bishop. Where's Dan? Dan. Thank you,
Dan. Thank you, Dan. Get out and vote for
him. He's incredible. Great job. And you
were a great guy. Richard, we're going
to miss him in Congress, but that's okay.
Great, great luck, Dan. Congressional
candidates, Addison McDowell. Big victory,
Addison. They're way ahead of
the polls. Brad Knott. Thank you,
Brad. Pat Harrigan. Thank you.
Thank you, Pat. Mark Harris.
They like you. And the Speaker of the North
Carolina House, a man who's done an incredible
job. He gets it. He gets it. He really gets it.
Tim Moore. Thank you, Tim. And when it came time
to pick a chairman of the Republican National
Committee and Convention and everything else
having to do with national politics, I came to
a man named Michael Watley of North Carolina.
And the reason is because at
10 o 'clock in the evening,
when we all had those televisions on and I
saw weird things happening, drops at 3 .02 in
the morning. And all the things that were
happening, North Carolina held totally steady.
He had 602 lawyers working. He held it steady.
And other states, I was leading by a lot,
and all of a sudden, people went to sleep.
They thought that was over. And I said no,
because I know how bad these people are.
But North Carolina held steady. He was the
head of your Republicans in North Carolina,
did a phenomenal job. So I
immediately called him. I said,
let's do it. And I got him.
Please stand up. Please stand up.
You have done a fantastic job. Fantastic. And
working with Laura Trump, what a team that is,
right? She's doing a good job, right? And I said,
don't worry about the votes.
Just guard the votes, right?
Just guard. We have all the votes you need.
Just guard the votes. And he's doing that.
And he's doing it at levels that nobody's seen
before. And I hope we're going to have a big,
beautiful surprise, because we're not
going to let them steal this election.
And they didn't do it in North
Carolina. Thank you. Thank you,
Michael. Great job. A wonderful gentleman
who I met a little while ago, Michael Varado,
and he is a wounded warrior and
just a highly respected guy.
Michael, wherever you may be. Hi, Michael.
Wow. You look good. I'm not messing with you,
Michael. Wow. Good-looking
guy. Thanks, Michael. Great,
great patriot, great person. Members of
the Charlotte Police Department are here.
Please stand up. You are phenomenal.
What a job. What a job they do. Thank
you. What a job they do. Thank you very
much. And Chief of the Catawba Nation,
Brian Harris. Brian? Where are you,
Brian? They've been so supportive.
They've been so supportive. Thank
you very much. From the moment we
take back the White House from Kamala
Harris. That's it. They switch. It's
every day. Next week they'll have somebody
else when they find out how bad she is.
She's worse than he is. But when we take
it back from Kamala and Crooked Joe Biden,
the most crooked president we've ever had,
I believe we are going to have the four
greatest years in the history of our country.
We're going to do it. We're going
to do it fast. Starting on day one,
we will end inflation and make America
affordable again. Inflation is killing
our people. They've got inflation. I
think real inflation is closer to 50%.
They like to say 23, 24. They
don't add everything. I think,
look at interest rates, they're through
the roof. Nobody can buy a house. You
can't get the money even if you want it.
To bring down the prices of all goods,
we will stop the Biden-Harris War on American
Energy and we will drill, baby, drill.
That includes racing cars, you know, that's
good. You're going to spend a lot less money
for your gasoline. You have that special
stuff. I will terminate the Green News
scam and I will end the Biden-Harris
electric vehicle mandate on day one.
And we already gave you the largest tax cuts
in history, but we will pass massive tax cuts
for workers and that includes, remember, no
tax. on tips. No tax on tips. No tax on tips.
To protect North Carolina workers, I will
revoke China's most favored nation status.
Think of it. They're most favored because
they're a developing nation. Well,
we're a developing nation, too, because we've gone
to hell and back. We're a developing nation, too.
They are considered a developing nation,
so they get advantages that we don't get.
Not going to happen. And I will pass the
Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. That means
that if China or any other country makes
us pay a 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax,
we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff or tax
of 100 or 200 percent immediately right back.
It's basically you hurt us and we hurt you,
and I for an eye look at it any way you
want. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office,
shortly after we, we, the people in this room,
win the presidency, I will have the horrible
war between Russia and Ukraine settled.
We're going to get it settled quickly.
I'll do it as President-elect I'll do.
And I will be doing something that nobody else
even talks about. We have never been so
close. I will prevent World War three.
We're heading to World War three.
We're heading right into the teeth of it
because we have stupid people representing
us and they're being represented against
people that are at the top of their game.
I will restore peace through strength,
which is what we have. And in my next term,
we will build a great iron dome missile
defense shield over our country, a dome,
the likes of which nobody has ever seen before.
And it will be entirely made in the USA. You know,
Ronald Reagan wanted to do that, but
honestly, it's a long time ago. We
didn't have the technology. Now we have
the greatest technology in the world.
And in case there's a problem, we're going
to be stopping them, but we're going to
have the best in the world. It's all going
to be made right here. I will not cut one
penny from Social Security or Medicare,
and I will not raise the retirement age.
One day. I won't even raise it by one
day. And you know, they're talking about,
he was talking about, she's talking about
re lifting the retirement age. She's going
to have to because they're putting a lot of the
illegal aliens that are coming into our country.
They're going into Social Security and Medicare.
They're going into a hospital. We're not going to
raise it one penny or one day. I kept
that promise. Remember for four years
for four years, they said, oh, he's
going to raise Social Security.
No, for four years I didn't and I won't do it.
I'm the one that won't do it. And remember,
I said something else. I'm going
to keep you out of wars. I kept you
out of wars. We had no wars with
Donald Trump as your President.
We defeated ISIS. We beat ISIS in
four weeks as opposed to five years,
which is what it's supposed
to take. Remember this,
our military is great. Then I woke. The
guys on top, the political guys, are woke.
But they can't convince him. I
saw ISIS dissolve before us once
I put the military on. Once they had
the Commander-in-Chief behind them,
we have great generals, and
they're not woke. They're not woke.
They won't be woke. They can't be
talked into being woke. They'd leave
before that happens. But we have
people on the top that are woke,
and they're all gone. We're going to get
rid of them so fast. We're going to rebuild
our cities into beacons of hope, safety, and
beauty better than they've ever been before.
We'll have to work with Democrat
governors and mayors in many cases,
but we're going to rebuild our cities. They're
crime-ridden, horribly run places right now.
We're going to clean them up, and we're
going to do something that's really good.
And we're going to take our nation's capital in
Washington, D .C. We're going to clean it up,
renovate it. We're going to rebuild our capital
city so that it is no longer a nightmare of
murder and crime, but rather it will become the
most beautiful capital anywhere in the world.
We're going to take over the management,
the leadership of it. Right now,
you go from North Carolina. Let's
go and see the Washington Monument
on the assumption that they don't
change the name, which they want to.
They want to change the Jefferson
Memorial. That's not going to
happen. Remember when we were
having a problem in Washington,
where they were trying to knock down some
of our monuments, and I passed a bill.
And the bill said, if you touch a monument,
if we catch you even in the act, you go to
jail for 10 years, and there's no 10 years
equal one year. It's 10 years. You
served 10 years, and it was amazing.
I looked outside the beautiful White
House windows. I looked outside,
and people were just leaving town. It was an
incredible thing. I took old legislation that,
frankly, you could never pass, very old, 1926.
And I restored it, and I said, 10 years, if you
take down that, and they were all getting ready,
they had ropes around the necks of
these gorgeous pieces of art. I said,
you do that, you go into jail for 10
years, and they left those ropes hanging.
They couldn't get out of town fast enough. On
day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut
federal funding for any school pushing critical
race theory, transgender insanity, and other
inappropriate racial, sexual, or political
content onto the shoulders of our children.
And I will not give one penny to any
school that has a vaccine mandate or
a mask mandate. And I will keep men out of women's
sports, and I will fully uphold our great Second
Amendment. We will protect innocent life,
and we will restore very quickly free speech.
And I will secure our elections. And finally,
we're going to get them secured. Our goal
will be one day voting with paper ballots,
proof of citizenship, and voter ID.
But until then, Republicans must win.
We want a landslide that's just, and it is
really an expression that's used. It's very
tough for them. Too big, too rigged. We're
way ahead. We're way ahead. But more than
even the polls say, we have to make it
so big, Richard, that they can't do it.
There's not a thing they're going to
be able to do about it. So too big,
too. You have to get out there and vote. Get
everybody. Get everybody. Get them all. Remember
this. It's a strange thing. Evangelicals,
Christians, they don't vote very much.
We got to vote. They got to vote. They're
great. They're such great people. Gun owners,
the NRA, you know, gave us
their total endorsement. But
gun owners don't vote. They tend not
to vote. We have to get them to vote.
If we could get the evangelicals,
Christians, if we can get gun owners
to vote, it's not even an election. But they got
to get out. So get your people at church to vote,
okay? If you want to save America,
get your friends, get your family.
Get everyone you know and vote.
Vote early. Vote absentee. Vote
election day. I don't care how you
vote. You got to get out. You got to
vote. And make sure your vote counts.
follow your vote. Check your vote.
Check it. You can do it. Check your
vote that they don't rob you of your
vote. Such an important thing. And if you want to
help ensure election integrity, sign up at protect
the vote dot com. Protect the vote dot com and
watch those people make sure they don't cheat.
Michael's doing a great job and you
just watch a Michael from Asheville
to Raleigh. And this is I have to tell you
an incredible group of people, the spirit,
the incredible spirit. We have so much to say,
but in conclusion from Asheville to Raleigh,
from Greensboro to Greenville, from Wilmington to
right here in Charlotte, this state was forged by
some of the toughest men and some of the strongest
women ever to walk the face of the earth.
Our American ancestors were back country
farmers and frontier settlers, woodsmen,
craftsmen. Workers and warriors who
poured their love into this land,
and they loved their families, and they wanted
to take care of their families at all cost.
They climbed the mountains, fought
the battles, conquered the dangers,
tamed the unknown wilderness, built the factories,
and gave everything they had to make America into
the greatest nation in the history of the world.
But now we are a nation in decline. We are
a nation in decline. Can you believe it? We
are a failing nation. We are a nation that
has lost its confidence, lost its willpower,
and lost its strength. We are a nation
that has quite simply lost its way.
But we are not going to allow this horror
to continue. Less than four years ago,
we were a great nation, and we will
soon be a great nation again. We'll
be a great nation again. With our
leadership, every disaster Joe Biden
and Kamala Harris have created can be
fixed and can be fixed very quickly.
Every problem can be solved, and every wrong
can be rectified. By this time next year,
America's borders will be strong, sealed,
and secure. Inflation will be in full
retreat. Our economy will be roaring back.
Optimism will be surging. The American dream will
be thriving again for citizens
of every race, religion, color,
and creed. Law and justice will reign all
throughout our land. Freedom will be restored.
The flame of liberty will be burning
bright. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris,
the worst administration in the history of our
country, will be a fading memory of the past
and our great silent majority, including the
once forgotten men and women of our country.
will be the one shaping America's
magnificent future when I am the
47th President of the United States.
Because we are all Americans, and
together we will show November 5th
to be the most important day
in the history of our country.
There will never have been a more important
day, because if we don't do the right thing,
and if it doesn't work out, it's got
to work out. If it doesn't work out,
we won't have a country. We're
going to have a great country again.
We're going to have a great country
again. We are one movement, one people,
one family, and one glorious nation. under God,
and together we will make America powerful
again. We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America strong again. We will make
America proud again. We will make
America safe again. We will make
America free again. And we will make America
great again. Thank you very much. Thank you.
God bless you all. Thank you, North
Carolina. Thank you. you Thank you.