# FULL SPEECH: Donald Trump holds rally in Savannah, GA | LiveNOW from FOX
# Channel: LiveNOW from FOX
# Upload Date: 2024-09-24
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCogFRCwa18
# Language: en (whisper)
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 76.3%
# Whisper Model: base
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 11:54:21

================================================================================

Unlived now from Fox as we are getting now the images of the former president Donald Trump out in Savannah Georgia getting ready for his remarks. He is in battleground state Georgia where we found out yesterday from the New York Times poll that he is leading in Georgia leading in Arizona as well as North Carolina's It is by a slim margin of course this is going to be a very tight tight race. That is what all the polling does show But the New York Times poll putting out in those battleground states of Georgia, Arizona and North Carolina that Trump has a lead on Harris there and so we are going to be seeing a lot of the two contenders out in Georgia Making their statements and of course here on live now from Fox as we get you ready for the election in November the race to the White House when these candidates come to the podium We show it to you without commercial break. We show it to you just like if you were in the stands there with the crowd So we'll show it to you from the beginning all the way to the end. That is for Trump That's for Harris. That's for JD Vance and that's for Tim Walls as well So Donald Trump going to be talking about the economy and also talking about his 15% Corporate tax proposal if he were elected for another four-year term here So we will be hearing on that of course will also probably be hearing a lot of jabs to Kamala Harris as well and we'll be keeping an eye on all of the remarks here for you as Donald Trump Former president coming to the podium. Let's listen in on live now Thank you very much Thank you very much everybody. Thank you and hello Savannah and our Lord Georgia. We love Georgia It's great to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud hardworking American patriots at what you are American And think of this 42 days from now we are going to win the state of Georgia We are going to defeat Kamala Harris and we are going to make America great again But we're here today to talk about how we're going to launch a historic build-up of American manufacturing muscle and my this is not a rally although it feels like a rally It's really a Little event with my five or six thousand closest friends in the whole world But Georgia and Savannah are going to be right in the center of the action. We're going to rebuild our manufacturing and it's going to happen It's going to happen fast and beautifully For years Americans have watched as our country was stripped of jobs and wealth and our companies were sold off to foreign countries You've been watching and it's been a horror show I've been watching for many years and we had it stemmed And then all of a sudden bad things happened bad things happened But boy, I'll tell you we had it stemmed if we would have had Four more years everything this would be such a different country right now We would have had no inflation. You wouldn't have Russia Attacking Ukraine You would have had October 7th with Israel the Middle East is blowing up We could be very close to world war three with these characters that don't have any idea what they're doing But uh water shame and Afghanistan what a disaster that was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country I believe But GE appliances were sold to the Chinese IBM computers were again sold to China Under Kamala Harris, US steel is now being sold to Japan. I will stop it. We got to do fast. We got to work fast But we're not going to let it out We're not going to let US deal 70 years ago the greatest Company on earth USD and now it's going to be sold off like it was nothing we're not going to let that happen We'll build it up. We'll make it strong, but we're not going to But with the vision I'm outlining today not only will we stop our businesses from leaving for foreign lands But under my leadership, we're going to take other countries jobs. Did you ever hear that expression before? Have you ever heard that we're going to take other countries jobs? Have you ever been stated before? We're going to take their factories and we had it really rocking four years ago We're going to bring thousands and thousands of businesses and trillions of dollars in wealth back to the good old USA That's what we're going to be doing and doing it fast And under my plan American workers will no longer be worried about losing your jobs to foreign nations instead foreign nations We'll be worried about losing their jobs to America And it won't even be difficult Your only worry will be deciding which job to take there will be plenty of them that will be your biggest problem Darling which company should I go with? We're going to bring them back and we're going to bring them back at levels Not to be believed but you'll believe it in about two years from now You're going to say wow that happened fast you can have so many companies wanting to come in because this is where the money is It won't be if we keep running it like we have for the last four years But this is what they want this is what they want and you'll hear the plan. I want German car companies to become American car companies. I want them to build their plans here I want to beat China in Electronics production and we'll be able to do that easily We have the greatest genius the greatest minds here and then we end up building them in different places a lot of that's Really stupid tax policy. I want G IBM and every other manufacturer that left us to be filled with regret and come Sprinting back to our shores and they will So as your president Here is the deal that I will be offering to every major company and manufacturer on earth I will give you the lowest taxes the lowest energy cost The lowest regulatory burden and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet But only if you make your product here in America it all goes away if you don't make your product here and hire American workers to the job If If you don't make your product here then you will have to pay a tariff a very substantial tariff when you send your product into the United States And by the way, you know for years they knocked the word the word tariff Properly used is a beautiful word one of the most beautiful words. I've ever heard it's music to my ears A lot of bad people didn't like that word, but now they're finding out. I was right And we will take in hundreds of billions of dollars into our treasury and use that money to benefit the American citizens And it will not cause inflation by the way And you know I took in from China hundreds of billions of dollars In taxes and tariffs and I had no inflation. We didn't have any inflation 1.2 percent We had essentially no inflation Now You've had over the last four years you've had the highest inflation I think in the history of our somebody said no sir. It's only 58 years. Well, that's pretty bad too I think it's really in the history of our country This is the policy that built America and this is the policy that is going to save America is going to save us Because we have gone so far down in so many different ways Not to mention not to mention the border not to mention 21 million people pouring in from places unknown totally But like I've always called it because it's a very beautiful and simple term. It's called America first. We're putting America first This new American Industrialism will create millions and millions of job massively raised wages for American workers and make the United States into a Manufacturing powerhouse like it used to be many years ago We will be able to build ships again We will be able to build airplanes at a much higher level again Will you will become the world leader in robotics and every other field the US auto industry Which has been decimated over many many decades? Well, once again be the envy of the planet We're not going to accept all of these cars they come in from every country and it knocks out You know the I was up in Michigan. We're doing very well in Michigan by the way We're doing very well in Georgia. We're leading by quite a bit But Pretend you're one point down please and going vote okay don't just go vote you gotta vote We gotta win this if we don't win this election our country is gone. I really believe it To the auto workers in Michigan, Georgia and all other parts of our country I am pinpointing you for greatness your industry has been decimated by many decades of incompetent leadership both political And at your company level you had presidents of your company that sold out our country They didn't know what they were doing. They were horrible and you had politicians that were grossly incompetent to let that happen your auto industry has been decimated And again with the electric car. It's all gonna be made in China The head of the United auto workers ought to be ashamed of himself for what he's done But we're gonna turn it around and we're gonna turn it around fast China is right now building major auto plants in Mexico. Did you know that? They were gonna start with me. I said no if you if you do them I'm putting a 200% tariff on every car And they decided we'll pass then they said wow Now we can build that Trump we won't have to worry about him anymore. Oh here I am Here I am Here I am well leading leading the polls were leading by a lot We're leading by a lot They said oh, we don't have to worry about him Oh, no, they have to worry about me. That's why they don't like me. You know, they used to like Obama They used to like they like Biden. You know why because they got away with murder. That's why they like Biden They love Biden. Why would you like Biden except that you took advantage of them? They took advantage of him They think they're going to sell their cars into the United States and destroy Michigan and South Carolina and North Carolina and Georgia And all of the places that make auto's not gonna happen We will put a 100% tariff on every single car coming across the Mexican border And tell them the only way they'll get rid of that tariff is if they want to build a plant right here in the United States With you people operating that plant we want American citizens and we want their plants built here Not two feet over the border and selling them into our country. We're not doing that. We don't do that anymore A friend of mine does auto plants. He builds auto plants. That's what he's great at He's great the biggest in the world and I said I want to see a plant Pretty recently ago. I want to see a plant. Where would we go? I said would we go to Detroit? Some place in Michigan ideally says no you can't go there sir We'll have to go to Mexico the big ones are being built in Mexico I said why is that he said well they have a lot of Tax reasons and China is coming in big and they think they're gonna make their car and sell it in Tax free into the United States But the big ones if you want to see a really big modern plant come with me to Mexico I said I'm not interested in going to Mexico. I want those plants built here And that'll happen In fact when they learned about the 100 or 200 percent tariff, you know, they'll probably say you let's stop construction immediately You'll see a big difference. I will bring automobile manufacturing back to the highest level in the history of our country You know it used to be We were the only place and then it just got chipped away chipped away mostly by China and Japan and all of a sudden We were down more than 55% from where we were years ago But it'll be like it was 50 years ago and these jobs they'll become roaring back And they're gonna we're gonna be making autos at a level that you've never seen before will be making cars Bigger better more beautiful stronger and faster than ever before Billions of people around the globe will soon be buying products proudly stamped made in the USA Or if you prefer if you have to do it Made in Georgia you can do that And they'll be exported through the port of Savannah We had we had a little bit to do with that deeper port Under my leadership we helped deepen the port you know that we helped deepen the port once and now I understand They want to do it again and we will We will get in and we will get that done very quickly. We'll work with you governor and we're gonna get that done very quickly This will be a major undertaking involving the Army Corps of Engineers and transportation officials throughout your state It's gonna happen fast This will happen so fast you're gonna say gee. I thought he just said we're gonna do it. You know we have a Strength over environmental Impact statements Sometimes they'll delay a project for 20 years 25 years with me. I think if it takes more than a month to get an approval My people are not doing a very good job. All right. We'll get it. We'll get it done very quickly With a world-class port and a world-class workforce this city will soon become one of the premier export hubs anywhere on earth tripling and quadrupling traffic as your power Will lead an American manufacturing boom. We're gonna have a manufacturing boom and a lot of it's just taxation policy tariff policy they're gonna come roaring back when they have to pay tariffs to come in but they have incentive to build here They're gonna come roaring back. It's just it's this. It's not muscle. It's all right there. That's a muscle, too. They say By contrast listen to the deal Kamala Harris Have you heard of her You know I had the first debate and after that Biden was down 21 points and they went to him and they said you're gonna lose You can't win you're out. This is a coup by the way. He had this guy had 14 million votes We're gonna put in somebody else the last person was gonna be Kamala Harris, but then they decided to be politically correct and she got the job She was the last one there were 14 people mentioned she was number 15 And she got the job And if you saw her with Oprah the other day or if you saw some of these interviews There's something going on up there. We just had four years of that. We can't have another four years. Not gonna happen But But she is offering to companies to entice them to keep jobs in America instead of Shipping jobs overseas first. You want to listen to this. She's called the tax queen They love her in other countries because she forces everybody out of our country into their hands The tax queen is demanding a 33% tax hike on all domestic Production now, you know, you can hate companies and all that but they still they feel growth and they feel jobs They feel everything you tell these companies. They don't care They just assume being Europe that just assume they don't care They want to go best price. It's called best deal And they're gonna leave our country in droves if she does that It's nice to say you're gonna pay 33% more and one day you'll read oh gee so and so they just signed with China they just signed with Germany they just signed with great Britain is dying to have they'll give you free tax Next she wants the largest Capital games tax in the history of our country. We've never had a tax And then she's telling people Bill here place here, but we're gonna have a brand new wealth confiscation tax So if you make money you're gonna pay us a lot but more importantly it's called an unrealized Capital game, you know what that is that means that you're gonna pay a capital game Even if you haven't realized it even if you haven't sold So a lot of people are rich, but they don't have cash now they're gonna have to get cash because if their thing goes up in value They have to pay a massive tax you're gonna have deterioration you're gonna have a depression if that happens you have a 1929 style depression This woman is grossly incompetent grossly incompetent Thank you, but If a company succeeds you have to sell it to give her half the value half the value is gonna be owned by the government So if it's successful you'll have to sell it because you don't have to cash It's a huge success you're gonna make a lot of money in the future We don't care about the future sell your company now and Bad things happen and it did nobody's by the way nobody's tried it. It's It's a communist Kind of thing you know that You could say it's a Marxist thing if you'd like, but communist you understand better An addition comular shutting down power plants nationwide Causing electricity prices to so more than 100 percent going up 100 percent They will soon be totally out of control. They already are in businesses will flee They're gonna flee our country if they can't get energy They're gonna flee our country and they're gonna flee fast and yet we have more energy under our feet Than any other country. I call it liquid gold We have more We have more than Saudi Arabia. We have more liquid gold than Russia and yet we buy we're buying oil From Venezuela why and it's not really oil. It's tar You have to melt it and you know where they melt it talk about the environment We there's only one plant in the world that can take care of it because it's really not good. It's the worst Only one you know where it's located used in Texas. So in used in Texas they Clean this stuff up and you know where the stuff goes right up there So if you're a big believer in the environment, this is not good But we have the best oil on earth and we have the most oil clean beautiful stuff and we have the most And we're gonna use it As I say drill baby drill. That's what we're gonna be doing drill baby And very importantly she will close down all fracking and all fossil fuel development Which will bring our country into third world status. She's gonna close down all fossil fuels Germany tried it But then they replaced angola with somebody else and that somebody else is now building a coal plant every single week in Germany Germany was gonna destroy themselves I will say that they were gonna be out of business. They were having problems like nobody could believe and That's how comola treats the American manufacturers that can all leave whatever is left of them and it's not that much. They've gotten rid of so much But if instead you ship production overseas then she will give you a tax break. So if you Build your product make your product overseas. She's offering a tax break to make it overseas Now you wonder why Biden has made so much money from all these countries. I mean personally made and through the family Think of that you get an incentive to build your product outside of the United States I mean you don't have to be too good at business to know that's not gonna work It's it's honestly it'll destroy our country and you know one of the other things even whatever she's gonna do She wants to do it. She's gonna you know she's going to the border very soon. She hasn't been there for four years I'm not the borders are oh For years she was the borders are right now. She's saying I because it's the worst border in history But she's going to the border. It's very interesting But you know what I ask well even her policies now they're crazy they're crazy. They'll destroy country But why didn't they do it three and a half years ago now? She's saying we're gonna do this. We're gonna do that whether she's right or wrong So she had three and a half years to do it. She didn't do anything our country has really gone back to levels The only employment was all the bounce back jobs that we created millions and millions bounce back right after the pandemic Any pandemic anywhere your bounce backs and they had a bounce back But you know out of all the jobs that were created most of those jobs went to Illegal migrants, you know that it didn't go to Americans and What's happening with the people pouring into our country is they are killing the jobs of the black population and the Hispanic population they're taking their jobs So if you're black or Hispanic, thank you very much vote for Trump. You'll be in good check It's crazy Those people are coming in and they're taking They're taking the jobs of the black population and they spent and it makes sense. I mean why not and Did you see black unemployment rose? Incredibly in the last three months a lot of people say why is that why is that they can't I'll tell you why because people are coming in and taking their jobs That's the way it is and it's no wonder that under Kamala Harris We lost 24,000 manufacturing jobs last month 24,000 We're gonna turn that around so fast. We had created 650,000 manufacturing jobs before we even got ready to do it And now we're ready. We're ready to do it and the country's ready to do it We need it. We have to have it. We need a Renaissance. It's gonna be a Renaissance But this horrific nightmare for American workers ends the day I take the oath of office January 20 Thank you very much Thank you very much So Listen to how good it is. It's so easy. It's so easy China's used it for years, but we have a better plan than them, but they've used it for years They can do whatever they want. You know, we have to go through certain Certain hurdles but not much the centerpiece of my plan is for a Manufacturing Renaissance which will be a 15% Made in America tax rate in other words if you make your product in America So the tax rate was practically close to 50% Some people would say 38 but when you edit it all up some companies are paying much more with state at local much more than 50% But I got it down to 21% through Congress. Can you believe we got it through Congress a lot of people say was The greatest thing we did. I think maybe rebuilding the military was the greatest thing maybe the creation Maybe The creation of space force was the greatest. You know, we were being beaten badly And now we're the leader in space China and Russia were Eating our lunch and now we're eating their lunch and we did so much We gave you before the greatest the biggest tax hikes in the history of our country and the greatest regulatory Cuts in the history think of it. We gave you We took their tremendous tax hikes We gave you the greatest tax cuts in the history of our country bigger than Ronald Reagan's tax cuts bigger than anybody's And the hikes they want to do it now. They want to hike your taxes at levels that we've never had before 80% 70% was a number that she thought sounded good But we gave you the biggest tax cuts in history and now we gave you the biggest regulation cuts And that's how we had that tremendous growth. That's how we had the greatest job production in history But this is going to blow that away We're cutting the business tax now We brought it down to 21% so you could say it was over 50 but you could also say it was 39% We got it down to 21% some of you great congresspeople are here and they are very very instrumental But now We're cutting the business tax from 21% To 15% which makes us the most competitive tax anywhere in the planet but Only for those who make their product in the USA. See that's an incentive So we already cut it to 21% and it was the 21% that big cut It was the 21 plus the regulatory cuts it gave us the greatest economy in our history It was the greatest economy in the history of our country and Now what we're doing is taking it one step further and a bigger step actually We're bringing it down to 15 now we're the most competitive in the world at 21 We were pretty good at 15 with the most competitive People are going to be pouring in companies are going to be pouring in and we're going to continue with the regulatory cuts And that'll be at a level, you know We already beat every record for regulatory cuts the problem is that Biden and Harris have put many of those Regulatory cuts back in the books and they don't they didn't do anything They were all stayed all they did was stop business But we have US-based manufacturers will also be rewarded with Expanded research and development tax credits You'll be able to write off 100% of the cost of heavy machinery and other equipment in the first year And full expensing for new manufacturing investments. So you're going to get full Expensing another one year right off you buy something about one year right off which gives you I did that I did that one year we had a five year deal during the period you had one year You had to write off you take it up the business boomed and it was coming in at levels never seen before and had we not been Interrupted and make sure there's no cheating in this election place What a different world But It all helped to build the sprawling state of the art plants our country needs to be and industrial superpower in the modern world We're going to have companies pouring into our country under this plan and under my plan We will cut energy and electricity prices in half within 12 months and that means for your homes too We will commit Because of the fact that we we're lucky you know China does not have this we Uh can you imagine they want to go To electric cars are people, but we don't have the product for Electric cars we have the product for gasoline powered cars under offer And hybrids and we want to have electric cars hey Elon Musk is great, right He gave us he gave me He makes an excellent car an electric car And he endorsed me at a level that you wouldn't believe every day He said we can't have Trump he's he's a great guy and he understands his product is phenomenal And there's a great place for electric cars, but you have to have gasoline powered cars too. You have to have Hybrid you have to have everything You know the new thing and I'm sure Elon will get it if it's any good But they got one little problem it explodes hydrogen They say the new thing is hydrogen cars, but they're having a problem it if it explodes you end up about seven blocks away and you're dead So personally, I don't know about you, but I'm going to take a pass But maybe they'll figure it out, but right now I wouldn't recommend it But there'll be other things happening and they'll be great But we want to have we don't want to have they have the electric mandate will be ending the electric mandate all electric cars all Be ending that immediately, but more importantly we will be able to quickly double our electric capacity Which will be needed to compete with China and other countries on Artificial intelligence, you know to do artificial and which is a big hot thing this happening now They say it's the next big wave. I don't know it comes with risk But it's the it's the next I think but it needs massive amounts of electricity So if you took all of the electricity in our country right now Which isn't enough because in California with governor newscombe you have blackouts and brownouts How about him he wants to go all electric cars, but he can't give you air conditioning in the summer, right? Let's go Let's go all electric, but we have a blackout every 10 seconds It's crazy. It's crazy But we're going to do things that nobody Has ever really had the courage to do, but it doesn't take courage It's common sense, you know with the with the party of common sense, okay? We're conservative all that stuff who cares We are the party of common sense. We will build new power plants, but think of this the electric So if you took all of the electric that we have right now in our country You need that more than doubled to be able to compete with China So they need more than double the electricity that we can have to have The artificial intelligence which will be a massive field And China is already building plants electric plants and we have a problem because we have things called Environmental impact statements and various things that you have to go through I will get them approved so fast Because China doesn't really need approval President, she says okay, build that plant That's the end. There's no environmental impact statement I would ask him President, do you go through an environmental impact statement? He says I am the environmental impact statement With us you go through years and years of torture But we're going to do it on an expedited basis and with the lowest energy prices on earth We will have the lowest energy prices on earth because we got lucky. We're right on top of the best stuff in the world And I'll put N-Ware back into play you know for Ronald Reagan Ronald Reagan couldn't do it nobody could do it. They couldn't get it done N-Ware in Alaska the biggest field probably in the world Maybe bigger than Saudi Arabia. I got it done. I was so proud of it. I got it done in his first week They terminated it the biggest field anywhere in the world It would supply Asia would supply would make so much money would pay down debt so fast And Biden rejected it and when I terminated the Russian pipeline Nord Stream 2 Biden approved it But he terminated our pipeline which is Nord Stream, right? The Nord Stream is the Russia which is Keystone the Keystone XL He terminated our pipeline but he approved the Russian pipeline Nord Stream 2 going all over Europe heading to Germany but going all over Europe And I just said what the hell is going on this was early on this is in the first weeks of his administration And I said what's going on and then they say so think of it I terminated the Russian pipeline and then they said Donald Trump was very friendly with Russia That was the biggest thing that they've ever done and I terminated When he came in one of the first things he did is he approved the pipeline that I terminated And they say I was nice that that was the biggest Putin told me If you like this I would hate like hell to see if you were bad They say that you've been nice to me you have not been nice to me With all the sanctions and I put we have the fake Russia Russia Russia hogs Which by the way in dangers our country when they do that turned out to be a total fake In dangers we can't have that from the standpoint of even business We have to be able to get along with other nations we have to be able to use the minerals and other things That they have but we have to make the proper deals because we can with the proper deals There will be nobody on earth that can compete with us in business we will attract We will attract Energy hungry industries There are a lot of industries will never be able to make it in certain areas because they don't have energy But we have energy Hungry industries that will attract them from all over the planet meaning millions and millions of Blue collar jobs and jobs of every type to slash burdens on workers and businesses We will cut 10 old regulations for every one new regulation and I did that for four years And we got it up to seven for one nobody's ever seen I cut more regulations than any president in history in four years And we will set up special zones of federal land with ultra low taxes and regulations for American producers These will be ideal spots for relocating entire industries that we've taken in From other countries they're going to come in at levels that nobody's ever seen before they want to be here They want to be but they were forced to be out because in this country We were so unfriendly in so many different ways But especially with our tax policy we will seriously expedite environmental approvals and we will get everything approved Quickly to unleash mineral production and rare earth they think we have to go to China for rare earth We don't we have more rare earth than they do but it's protected environmentally we can't do anything about it We're going to do something about it. We're going to use We're going to use our resources to our benefit And it'll be clean and environmentally perfect so that American and Americans can manufacture everything that we need the resources we have right here American soil. It's got everything. It's got the rare earth. It's got the oil. It's got the gas We have everything the only thing we don't have is smart people leading our country Thank you very much We're sitting on trillions and trillions of dollars under our feet and let's use that to make America rich again. Is that okay? We'll pay off the debt. We'll reduce your taxes. It'll be a beautiful thing. You'll never have this. It'll be a renaissance It'll be a golden period. It'll be a beautiful period Finally to exploit these pro manufacturing policies their full potential is going to happen It's going to happen very quickly. I will appoint a manufacturing ambassador who's sold task and it'll be a great one We'll be to go around the world and convince major manufacturers to pack up and move back to America where they want to be they want to be For years we watched other countries steal our jobs now We are going to be going after their jobs and bringing them back to America where they belong and where frankly they want to be They want to be If Kamala Harris gets four more years, he will de-industrialize the United States and destroy our country We will become virtually a banana republic. We will be destroyed their plans are horrible And if they wanted their plans again, I said all the time. I said it during the debate. We're by the way We absolutely destroyed her except Except for the fakers on a microphone. Oh, she did very well tonight. She did very well She did very well. She couldn't put two sentences together. Take a look at her answers And it was three on one two a bc or to be ashamed. It was three on one And And actually it's also interesting because after that Horrible situation because it's the fake news all over again fake news. You got a lot of them back here by the way But it's the fake news, but you know what? My numbers look at the numbers today the numbers are higher than they've ever been. We've never had numbers this good So So something happened that was pretty good But it was it was interesting. I couldn't believe I thought she was so bad. I came off that stage. I said She was so bad You know one of the three she's he's the goat of debates. I said is that a good thing or a bad thing? They said Greatest of all time 21 debates and I thought that was one of my best debates But you know after they spin they spin better than anybody Well, I don't know if I thought he did too well tonight And wasn't she really to refuse she didn't say anything Except lies like a blood bath like Charlotte's sound She lied and you know what I'd say just in finishing this topic Because they'll say oh he fell into a trap. He talked to me You know when somebody says something bad about you if you then Nobody else this only happens to me if I then refute them Marjorie if I say That's not true and just give a few seconds on and people understand it They say he fell into a trap No, they say bad about me. I got to refute it. I do it quickly But I refute it as soon as I refute. Oh, he fell into a trap Why would I let her say something bad about being let it stand out there if I don't refute it People are gonna think it's true These people in the waters These people otherwise But it's been amazing what's been happening and they're hearing what we're doing policy-wise military-wise border wise maybe a Specialty border you know in 2016 I won under the border And we fixed the border very quickly and I was very proud of it After that nobody wanted me to talk about the border. They said sure it's been fixed You know, I said I want to talk about the border They wouldn't let me even though we got 12 million more votes in the following in 2020 We got 12 but listen There is more enthusiasm now than there ever was for 2016 or for 2020 Because of how bad they are Because of how good a job we did and how bad they are under Kamala There will be no car industry no steel industry No significant manufacturing of any kind and we will be at risk of military defeat You know that right a very simple fact is this if you don't have steel You don't have a military and I'm not going to allow and I said it before and I'll say it again and I got along with A great gentleman shenzu Abbi from Japan. He was assassinated. He was a great gentleman But I said shenzu we have to change our trade deal and he said to me I knew you were gonna come with that. I said well, why did you know he said For 25 years no American has said that to us They got away with murder and we changed the deal and the deal that we now have is really good But the deal we're going to have is going to be Beyond belief with every not just with Japan with every company and every every Frankly with their companies and with their nations I'm not going to allow Japan to buy us deal. I'm not going to let it happen 70 years ago again the greatest company on earth Vote for Trump and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing from China to Pennsylvania From Korea to North Carolina from Germany to right here in Georgia They're going to come to Georgia from Germany and lots of other places And no matter where I go and I go to a lot of places We're definitely out work in the opposition. She'll go to one place in three days I say why can't I do that? Yesterday. I was in Pennsylvania. I made five stops Five stops three speeches People say how do you do it sir? Then I said Where am I going tomorrow sir? You're going to Savannah. Oh what time are we leaving? 8 o'clock in the morning. Oh great I got off you get home at 11 12 one in the morning two in the morning. What am I going tomorrow? I'm going to Savannah Georgia. Who I love you, but I wouldn't I wouldn't mind leaving at 11 or 12 or one. I'd be just as happy to be on It's sir. I will leaving sir. We're leaving at nine o'clock. We're leaving at eight o'clock But it's okay. It's okay. It's worth it Look the way I look at it. We have no The American dream bigger better and stronger than ever before it's going to happen We're pleased to be joined today by former senator David Padoe who is really working hard on the campaign David Where is David? Where is he? I just oh He's such a nice guy. He didn't even want to stand up. He just wants to get the job done That's what you do Your great guy David. I appreciate it Everyone's telling me you're working so hard. I said where's David? He's working And he's working on the campaign. He wants to get it done. We have another great gentleman a really fine guy a fantastic Political person lieutenant governor Bert Jones stand up And his incredible father is here good genetics in that family. Thank you very much. It's great honor to have you Representatives and these are warriors buddy caught her buddy warrior great guy And a very shy quiet person doesn't like mixing it up too much But she is really highly respected in Washington And she's fantastic Marjorie Taylor Green And of course a woman that we all love and especially we love her in Georgia Alvita King. Thank you very much. Alvita And I also want to thank governor campy's been fantastic. He really has been fantastic And we're going to get this done But I want to thank governor camp for his support great support Starting on day one. I will seal the border and stop the migrant invasion of our country After almost four years, borders are Kamala Harris has decided for political reasons that it's time for her to go to the border Finally she's gone to the border for years Wanted disgrace that is that she waited so long allowing millions and millions of people To enter a country from prisons and jails mental institutions and insane asylum And criminal cells all over the world not just from South America But many of them are coming are terrorists and they are coming from Africa They're coming from the Congo large numbers from the Congo. They're coming from the Middle East They're coming from Asia They're coming from South America but not only South America They're coming from all over the world It's a Really just what they're what they're doing to the fabric to the guts of our country It's not even believable and you see what's going on You see what's going on they're taking over towns and cities And they're taking them over with weapons They're taking them over with weapons that are military quality weapons where the hell are they getting the weapons But she's trying to con the public That she did a good job at the border. She's actually saying no. I did a good job at the border remember You know when she says we're working on the border She still has airplanes flying in loaded up with migrants over the border She thought she wouldn't get caught it took him about two years to figure that one out it was a little strange Brand new beautiful large Boeing jets a landing in airports all over our country and migrants again I took a little while to figure that one out So they talk about the border but they have planes to this day flying in loaded up hundreds of thousands of people Being flown into all parts of our country destroying our country And she's destroyed the very fabric of our nation allowing 21 million people to come in at least Into our country and think of it Totally unvetted from places unknown No checks no names no nothing just come on in But they do they come from prisons and they come from mental institutions It's a terrible thing and many many terrorists terrorists at levels that nobody's ever seen before You know during my four years. I saw the other day They had one year where they had zero I don't believe that this was done by border patrol Oh, you know, I have a you know my all-time favorite chart in history, right? I have a chart. This is my all-time favorite. I love that Is it around I love that chart I sleep with that chart every night I kiss it. I love it Because that chart saved my life. I looked at the right Bing. But I didn't look to the right. I wouldn't be here with you today. I guarantee you that And it was amazing because that chart is seldom used Because I don't like to brag it's seldom used But when it is used it's always on my left It's always on my left and it's always at the end of the speech And I do a lot of things without a teleprompter Is it nice by the way to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter? Isn't it nice? Because a lot of you know, I don't often use a teleprompter because if you use a teleprompter it gets very boring You know, if I read every single word I could go right down and you'd be in and out of here in 35 minutes You said that was pretty boring, wasn't it even with the good numbers that we're putting up that would be boring This chart is the greatest thing ever I said let me see the chart bring it down That was a lucky one, but maybe not lucky maybe right up there Maybe I think My two sons are great shooters and they said dad from 130 yards a bad shooter couldn't miss with that gun AR-15 And we lost the great as you know great firemen and two other people we thought we lost but the doctors were phenomenal the local doctors They were Sort of country doctors. They were phenomenal. They saved them. They're okay And you know the nice part of friend of mine came up to be and said the firefighter Corey Great guy beautiful family beautiful wife daughters He jumped on top of his daughters, so he got hit got hit right now head Great, but you know I don't know if I've said this publicly But you know friend of mine came Member of Mar-a-Lago came up to me. He said I'd like to give the Family and this is not a family a family with a good life in a safe community. There's no crime There's no muggings. There's no pushing people into subways. There's no anything It's a nice community and Butler and friend of mine came up and he said I'd love to give the family of the fireman A check for something I said good. I think it'd be great. How much you said I don't know And he handed me a check sign it one million dollars. I said wow And then and you know when it was presented To this incredible wife of Corey really incredible Devastated by what happened he was a big fan. He was a big trump guy. He had everything They all were all three, but the crowd was as far as the they said 55,000 people as far as the eye could see And nobody left you know when those bullets went off like if it happens at a soccer game They hear a bullet everyone they call it a stampede like cattle It's a stampede and people are killed many people are killed These bullets went off, but not one there were a lot of them eight nine And they went off Secret service shooter was unbelievable the local police actually they did a great job in terms of the shooting He may have also Hit this lunatic But think of it so We gave her the check she's never seen anything like it. They live very nice life, but no money no money And now she has a million dollars. I said that's only the beginning because we did a go fund me And they raised about six million dollars So The other two men that got hit Were really hit hard they were not going to make it first question I ask is how many people were killed because with so many people no matter where a bullet goes Gonna hit somebody they said three are probably dead probably dead Well the two were taken immediately to the hospital the doctors were great I was taken to hospital the doctor was the whole hospital was fantastic I mean just so professional so good He looked at me says you are the luckiest man. I said no, maybe it's something else But but he couldn't believe it The doctor said you know sir This would be a good day for you to go to the lottery and buy a nice ticket Because what happened here? I've never say anything like that, but But you know look some very good things have you know the nicest thing when people say It was God and God came down and he saved you because he wants you to bring America back so many people say that So many people say that I hope that's true. I hope that's true And then I had a little more of God's help About two months later you saw that Where a brilliant Secret service agent that's all you can say you know a lot of people when they walk down grass beautiful flowers very thick Shrubs everything beautiful. They could say oh what beautiful who is in this guy? He wasn't looking at this guy This guy was no games and he was walking down the middle of that fairway and he's looking over And what does he see he sees a rifle just a small part of a very big weapon And he sees a small part of a rifle the barrel coming out of very Heavy shrubbery who's gonna see that not a lot of people And he didn't say who's over there, please may we talk No, he took his gun and he started shooting them and the guy dropped his That That's you know that's Nothing's in the category where I have to turn to write you have about an eighth of a second where you're safe But I'm telling you that's the God was watching there too because You needed somebody really sharp. I give secret service a hell of a lot of credit these are you know look they've been Hit hard because of Butler because you know the building Should have been taken care of and they understand that but when I went down I had Four or five six people right on top of me and they were bullets flooring right over our head a lot of bullets were flying right over I had they were not sitting back and taking a pass. They were not saying well, see I'm not gonna go over that Dangerous stuff they were on top of me in seconds and you had to give him a lot of credit But here you have to give him credit too because this agent I would have been in that location within 10 minutes right and right next to the guy practically and this guy spotted shot But how about this he then ran there's a fence in between cyclone fence and He then ran across the street down the block to get his car Only a woman could do this because men aren't smart enough And A woman pretty busy road congress. It's called and pretty busy, but she didn't like the way he looked Now I see people running all the time. I don't like the way they look But I don't follow him She didn't like the way he looked he looked very suspicious. He was running like wild because he had to get away from the secret service And his car was about a block away She followed him stopped Right behind his car and started taking pictures of his license plate. Who would do that? Who would do that And I asked our great sheriffs and bomb beach. I said so if this happened a thousand times How many times would somebody follow somebody and take pictures of the license plate? He said maybe none That's right I mean that's luck too and or something But this woman is incredible and once they had the license plate they had him in a high-speed chase down the highway But once they had the license plate it was over if they didn't have the license plate He would still be out there. I wouldn't be very comfortable I would say wonder if he's in this audience. I'd say where is this lunatic But but this woman was what she did what she did was amazing. So I've had a very Interesting experience for the last couple of months. It's very my profession is a very dangerous one If you think of it It's far more dangerous than auto races one-tenth of one percent of the auto races die one-tenth of one percent and a little more of the bull riders that looks nasty doesn't it die Presidents, I don't want to tell you the percentage But it happens to be a very dangerous profession But you know the only thing I can say is they only go after consequential presidents. That's true They only go after consequential presidents So we are consequential we're going to be even more consequential because we're going to do things that nobody has ever been able to do in this country When Kamala is seen at the border on Friday she will pass hundreds of miles of wall that was built by Trump And it's wall that really works And that's why we have if you look at the arrow on the bottom the red arrow on the bottom That was the week I left office. That's the lowest level of a legal immigration in the history recorded history of our country look at that Oh, I like every time I love it. I just go first I love it, but that's the lowest level of illegal Immigration and that includes drugs and it includes lots of other thing you know drugs are now coming through our border at about 10 times We talk about the illegal migrants, but the drugs are pouring through fentanyl is pouring through I had it down to the lowest level and I had a deal with president She in China that he was giving the death penalty He was going to give the death penalty that any to anybody because that's their penalty over there That's why they have no drug problem. They have the death penalty for drug dealers He was going to put this category Those that make fentanyl and ship it to the United States was going to get the death penalty and I told them if you don't do that If you don't do that we're not going to do trading with China We're going to go cold turkey We're not trading and we're going to put tariffs on anything that gets through big ones And he agreed to do it and then Biden of course dropped the ball Just like he dropped the ball on Israel with a ran a ran was ready to make a deal They would have made a deal in two minutes and now they were they had no money They had no money and now they have 300 billion dollars They made it all in three and a half years. What a shame what opportunity has been wasted when Kamala Speaks be advised and we have to tell this woman has allowed record numbers of people into our country They're from all over the world They're now creating criminal havoc throughout the country Aurora Colorado You saw that where Venezueli gangs are taking over real estate. They become real estate developers. How nice No, they're taking over real estate and they have weapons that even our military has to see who's giving them these weapons But Aurora is a mess the governor is a mess, you know the governor is a Democrat And he's a radical left Democrat and he's not too popular right now because they're going to take over a lot more than Aurora They're going to go through Colorado take over the whole damn state by the time they finish unless I become president. They won't last long and In Springfield Ohio So you have a town of 50,000 people they have 32,000 migrants Put into the town almost overnight and the people are so nice. You know they want to be nice They say well, we're the mayor is actually looking for interpreters He's looking all over the for interpreters because they can't understand the language is totally different What the hell? I'm sorry you have to move the people back to the country from which they came you have to You have to Every state is a border state now when she speaks. I hope everybody remembers That she has caused our cities our towns and our country itself tremendous damage our country is dying our country is dying We're taking all the criminals from all over the world. You know the crime rates for Countries all over the world is way down Because they've taken the citizens of of their countries have demanded it They're taking the criminals out and they're moving them and dumping them into the United States of America And their crime rates are cut in half and less than that and their jails which were packed In many cases are close to empty and very soon will be totally empty because they've taken their prisoners And they've dumped them into the United States of America were like a dumping ground and we're not gonna allow it We're bringing them back We're bringing them back And by the way, you know, this is a speech on economic development But this is a big part of economic development We can't have factories being built where you have criminals walking down the street with with The worst weapons that you've ever seen with machine guns and everything else we can't have it We have to have a safe country because you if you have a safe country everything I talk about today You can reduce very substantially So number one we're gonna make America safe because we have to have a safe country or nobody's gonna want to come here And with her She doesn't know what the word safe is you know she was the head of defund the police anybody that heads up Defund the police is not qualified to be A president of the United States And anybody That lies like she lies she lies about everything she changed 15 policies Now I've watched politics for a long time I've been involved on the other side for a long time with helping people out But I've watched for a long time and I've seen people change one or two policies But I've never seen people change 15 policies she wants to confiscate you gun now. She said oh, I won't do that she wants to have No fracking she's a hundred times no fracking there will be no fracking in Pennsylvania right no fracking Now she's saying oh I'd lift her up fracking But you know they always go back to where they were they always go back because that's it She's a Marxist philosophy her father is a Marxist philosopher and he taught her well and that's what you got and you can't have that our country is not ready for this and hopefully never will be Kamala's remember one other thing And I think it's terrible She lied about McDonald's she said I was a worker in McDonald's And I stood over the French fries. I'm going to McDonald's over the next two weeks And I'm gonna stand over the French fries Because I want to see what her job really wasn't like because she'd ever I stood over the French fries and that was tough. It was hot outside and it was hot over She never worked there was a lie And when I asked her at the debate I said I want to talk about this ABC said you know ABC which is the worst of them all by the way Did you see that David Mures ratings are way down? I love that Because he lost his credibility Yeah Kamala's in Legals are also crushing your wages and stealing your jobs left Last month alone think of this American born workers lost 1.3 million jobs and migrants gained 635,000 jobs so we're putting our migrants to work at a much higher level that our own people our own citizens So as we create millions of new manufacturing jobs here in Georgia nation-wide We will make sure that these jobs go to American citizens not illegal citizens people that came into our country illegally Your wages will rise your costs will fall your job opportunities will grow Because we will conduct the largest deportation operation sadly in American history. We have no choice This is not sustainable And we got to get the criminals out first we're going to get the criminals the murderers the drug dealers We're going to get them out of here first and we're going to work with local police They know everything about them. They know their names. They know their serial numbers They know everything our local police are phenomenal. We just have to let them do their job And starting on day one we will end inflation and make America affordable again We will have ready No tax on tips No tax on overtime And for our seniors who have been devastated by this Harris Biden inflation that was so unnecessary caused by energy They let energy go through the roof he caused it and also their spending but I say even more by energy We're going to have this for our seniors no tax on social security They deserve it They deserve it what they've had to put up with you know the people with the tips they're being tormented by this administration too They passed new legislation and have other legislation that was ready to go all of a sudden how about her she comes out Couple of weeks ago months after I did but they Would there will be no tax on tips But that's it. Nothing ever happened. Nothing ever happens with her because if it did happen She would have done it three and a half years ago. That's what I say And to finish she lied about McDonald's she lied And she lied about almost everything else And she doesn't understand a question and she can't give an answer If you watch Oprah I knew Oprah very well she loved me before politics She was down at Mar-a-Lago. Donald. This is the most beautiful place I've ever seen Can we have the funeral of Roger King? He used Kingworld great guy great guy But we have the funeral at Mar-a-Lago. Yes, Oprah. You can we had his funeral He's the most important guy and one of the most important people in her life She was the one that worked her out. She was there a lot. She loved the key line pie. I love that key line pie But once I ran for politics, it's like I don't like that guy very much No, I gave up a lot, but I don't mind giving it up because we're gonna make our country greater than ever before And while working Americans catch up we're going to put a temporary cap on credit card interest rates at 10 percent We have no choice. They're getting 22 25 percent We can't let people have to pay 25 percent and 22 percent interest Because they can't afford to pay off their credit card We're going to cap it for a period of time at 10 percent. We will terminate the green news scam And spend the trillions and trillions of dollars of unspent dollars on roads the bridges real infrastructure And paying down debt not fake infrastructure that has caused massive inflation along with the energy the The that bill was just a disaster Trillions of dollars. That's what caused all of the inflation those two things I will settle the war in Ukraine and I will end the chaos in the Middle East and I will prevent something that nobody else will be able to do I will prevent World War III and you are very close to World War III Biden and Kamala got us into this war in Ukraine and now they can't get us out. They can't get us out I watched him we were we were we will he's been saying that for three years Every time Zelensky comes to the United States. He walks away with a hundred billion dollars. I think he's the greatest salesman on earth But we're stuck in that war unless I'm president. I'll get it done I'll get it negotiated. I'll get out. We got to get out Biden said we will not leave until we win. What happens if they win? That's what they do is they fight wars as somebody told me the other day they beat Hitler They beat Napoleon. That's what they do. They fight and it's not pleasant But you know, we've given them close to three hundred billion dollars And you know what Europe has given them which is approximately our size when you add up the countries together their economies very close to our size They've given them like a small fraction of that number just a small very small fraction And we have an ocean separating. It's much more important for now. Why aren't they you know why they're because Biden is never even asked them I guarantee you do you think Biden lies awake at night? Thinking how are we going to get Europe to pay? No, he goes to sleep Is a guy can sleep on the beach. How do you sleep on the beach when you have cameras on? I will never sleep on the beach in front of live television. I promise No, the other day he was out cold. I said is he sleeping? I don't know I don't know. Maybe it's a great thing if you're able to sleep with live television going Somebody told him he looks great in a bathing suit. You know when you're 82 When you're 82 it's never too pretty And I love 82 year olds, but when you're 82 in a bathing suit, I don't know you know But he actually was he was stone cold out You got to give him credit though, you know because anybody they can do that I find it very hard to sleep. I get so many ideas. I'm thinking all the time this guy just goes out lies down goes out pictures of him It's uh Pretty sad when you think about right? We will you know we we laugh, but it's sad and nobody told us he was cognitively impaired She didn't say it She didn't say it and that puts our country at great danger Because president she is at the top of his game all of these guys that we're competing against they're all at the top of their game he's not He hasn't been for a long time And that puts us at great risk and great danger. We will rebuild our cities Including Washington DC making them safe clean and beautiful again And we will keep the US dollar as the world's reserve currency Because it's under tremendous seas right now and if we lose that then we are indeed a third world country We cannot allow that to happen. We have so many enemies now. We have so many people You know, I had no wars other than ISIS which I inherited and I finished off ISIS in four weeks on set of five years that they thought Because we have a great military that I rebuilt I rebuilt our military sadly 85 billion dollars of it went to Afghanistan. Can you believe that should have never happened? You take the soldiers out last You don't take the soldiers out first took the soldiers out and then after they took the soldiers out The Taliban had a field day What a horrible thing we lost 13 great soldiers many wounded so horribly the legs the arms that face so obliterated so badly nobody ever talks about them They talk about those that were killed and I love those families. I know the families They've never even called the families But they were 13 killed great people But we also left behind billions and billions of dollars worth of the best military equipment in the world and now Afghanistan is one of the largest sellers of military equipment 777,000 rifles and guns 71,000 vehicles many of them armor plated But you have to see goggles and planes and tanks What the stupidity of these people We have to get back to a country again. We have to be respected. They laugh at us all over the world They're laughing at us and you know what they're really laughing at Kamala because they can't believe that she's going to be president. They can't believe You talk about cognitive problems. She's got bigger cognitive problems than he has in my opinion This is how we're going to end the era of inflation and mayhem misery under Kamala and crooked Joe We had such misery think about what we've been through with the inflation with the wars all over the world Prime Minister of Hungry Victor Orbun strongman Really a great leader didn't allow anybody into his country. He said no, I don't want people blowing up our shopping centers I don't want people killing our people But he said when he was asked recently a couple of times just recently Numbers he said it numerous times. They said why is the world blowing up the Middle East is blowing up Russia looks like it's going to be end up in a world war three all of these problems are happening. They weren't here He said it's one simple reason Donald Trump is in president. You make Donald Trump president of the United States Nobody understood him everybody was afraid of him. They feared Donald Trump. I don't want to be the one He said it. I didn't say it For the sound sort of but he said He said they feared China feared him Russia feared him. They all feared him We had no problems Russia was never going into Ukraine and they didn't for four years. They didn't when I left they They just went in it was the apple of his eye and known very well had a good relationship with him Especially since the hoax created by Hillary and shifty Adam shif and all these people these low lives but but And you know the danger by the way you know the danger that that kind of stuff causes our country tremendous risk this try I mean fortunately it worked out fine, but this tremendous risk when you start doing that crap all made up stuff made up stores of fantasy land we will unleash safety Prosperity and peace for Americans of every race Religion color and creed. We're gonna have prosperity the likes of which this country has never had And together we will deliver low taxes low regulations Really low energy cost I am going to get the energy cost forget about companies. It's gonna happen for them to same thing We're gonna get your energy bills reduced by more than 50% within the first 12 months of my administration And I'm talking now house Owners and renters and everybody your car Everything's gonna go way down and that's gonna lead a wave of bringing some of these horrible prices down because interest rates are now Think of it 10% we had them at 2% But low interest rates low inflation you're gonna have all of this you're gonna get really low interest rates again Because when the energy goes down the interest rates are going down to it's honestly not that complicated Not easy to do, but I know how to do it and I did it once and it was incredible Just go back and compare your prices With what you're paying for things today with what you were paying four or five years ago You won't even believe the difference So that everyone can afford I want to make sure that everybody can afford groceries a car and a home the basics I want to make sure that our young people can experience The potential at least of the American dream We will stop the invasion We will end migrant crime We're gonna support our great police when I can be defunding our police She'll go back to defunding the police you know, I have the support of virtually every major Police group in the United States. I just got the support from the fraternal order the other 400,000 police But virtually every I don't think she has one I don't think because she's horrible on crime and she's going to be horrible on crime She's horrible on the border. She's horrible on Business she's bad on everything other than that she's just fine What what are mess our countries in And we're not gonna have you know somebody said the other day you if she won you literally may never have another election This could be your last election And you know I used to say it about Venezuela remember years ago I'd say venezuela better be careful And I'll tell you what we better be careful because we'll end up being Venezuela on steroids. That's where we headed if this Communists gets into be president if she gets into if she's the president of our country We're gonna have problems the likes of which this country has never had and once you have Those problems it never comes back. You don't see them coming back. They never come back We're gonna strengthen our military. I rebuilt our military But now we have to strengthen it again We're gonna build a missile defense shield around our country. We need that protection Just like israel has and just like some others have And it's gonna be made largely Right here in the great state of Georgia you do a lot of that No, I we want to have a shield and we deserve a shield and you have some lunatics out there that are Not loving us too much and we're not gonna let it happen. We're gonna build a shield It's gonna be all made in the USA. You know when we build an airplane and I changed a lot of it Some of those planes are made with parts from 21 different countries. Do you ever hear of anything so stupid? So in a war we have a war we won't be able to get apart from various cut. We can't build the planes And the steel too we need steel for our ships We have to build great ships. We can't say to China. Listen, we're in a war I won't say with them because I don't want to give you any ideas We're in a war. We need some steel. Can you send it to us? No, we're not gonna send you any steel What are we gonna do? We have to have our steel. We have to have our steel plans We cannot let others do We're gonna keep critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school And we're going to keep men out of women's sports We will defend the second amendment restore free speech and we will Secure our elections. They're gonna be so secure Everyone will prosper every family will thrive and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope But for that to happen we must defeat comrade comola Harris And we must stop her Country historic. This is a country Destroying liberal agenda that we have to stop once and for all we have to stop it We cannot let this continue So get everyone you know get out and vote we want a landslide that's too big too rig Too big to rig You know at a certain point they can't cheat You know when it's too big to rig you know what that means pretty obvious We want to make it so it doesn't matter too big to rig and I think we're getting close to that in Georgia right now With a lot of great help a lot of great On November 5th we will save our economy It will go down as the most important day in the history of our country far beyond our economy Because we're gonna save our country will be the most important day November 5th in the history of our country We will rescue our middle class We will reclaim our sovereignty and restore our borders We will put America first and we will take back our country Thank you god bless you and god bless America. Thank you very much Thank you everybody Great Donald Trump wrapping up there in Savannah, Georgia Speaking for an hour and 21 minutes they're talking about the economy But then going and really going into full rally mode as well Talking about Kamala Harris talking ahead of her coming to the border on Friday and saying that when she comes to the border She will see my wall she also taking jabs at Kamala Harris calling her the Queen Saying that if she were president that taxes would go up the Donald Trump saying that if he is president That taxes would go down there. So we saw a lot of back and forth there talking from the economy Perspective to jabs at Kamala Harris even Joe Biden as well But this is what we do here on live now from Fox who you saw Donald Trump there Live in Savannah, Georgia from the beginning all the way until the end there and that is what we do for the candidates Getting you ready for November the race to the White House We will show you every remark and rally in full for all of the candidates including the vice presidential ones as well So that wraps up there in Savannah, Georgia. We are going to take a two minute break Stay right here with us folks. We're just getting started for you on live now from Fox