# YouTube Video Transcript
# Channel: Unknown
# Upload Date: Unknown
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sLUOQAPOxY
# Language: en (whisper)
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 75.8%
# Whisper Model: base
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 13:28:21

================================================================================

Hello everybody. How are you? Hi darling. Hi. How are you? Thank you very much everybody. This is an honor and you know I Walked in the first question that I asked Should we change the name from Fort Liberty back to Fort Bragg? First class Right So here's what we do we get elected. I'm doing it. I'm doing it And we're leading in all the polls we should get elected but remember this they cheat like hell We got a too big to rig. We need too big to rig So I just appreciate being here. You know, we did win two world wars from Fort Bragg So this is no time to that big guy. This is no time to be changing names But we're gonna do that. We're gonna do everything we can. We're gonna get it back We're gonna bring our country back. We're gonna bring our country back Thank you everybody Let's have a little fun I Mr. President, I don't think you'd have a problem with North Carolina. I think they love you here I love And you know, Kamala should be here She shouldn't be anywhere else And then missing a billion dollars that they gave to migrants coming into our country Some of them are murderers some of them are drug dealers some of them many of them 13,000 and 99 murderers came into our country during their three and a half and we're missing a billion dollars They gave them to the migrants that came in and now we don't have the money. We'll do it But they don't have the money to take care of this way. They're giving you lousy treatment to North Carolina in particular And we don't like that. So we're gonna let it be known And they have to get a lot better because people are not happy Well, you're absolutely right, Mr. President and before we start with that town hall I actually wanted to mention that one of your friends here is silk silk are you here where you at? We're oh I'll tell you she is my friend too and Please my friend Oh Wow We're real quick now. I want y'all to listen up. I'm a little ticked off I just want you to know I'm a little ticked off and I'm gonna tell you why $750 Oh Where American tax dollars is being used to fund illegal aliens into our country And these illegal aliens didn't pay one dime or one rest sit in two hour systems And all Kamala Harris and Tam Pontemi Want to give us $750 Listen you all We only have one choice One choice and that's president Donald J. Trump We can't afford We cannot afford Another four years of this so you're gonna have to vote like your life Depends on it like when you're taking your brows and it's your last brows and you need that both in order to breathe That's what you don't have to do so you gonna have to I'm almost finished mr. President So what you gonna have to do you gonna have to over vote the cheat You're gonna have to outrun the runway And we're gonna have to make it too big to read Oh Now I can feel I can feel diamond I can feel diamond rising up in me Because you have to vote right so you won't get left again Oh vote red Red Remove every Democrat They gotta go Now While the media continue to play the race car we don't continue to play the Trump car so we can win win Thank you everybody. Thank you So you know it was nine years ago and my beautiful wife our first lady she We love our first one Did you see her interview on John Hannity and With Ainsley in the morning she did great, but Nine years ago she came to me. She said you know there are two women And they are really incredible. I said who the hell are they living You said you gotta see this you're not gonna believe it they had a thing and We fell in love like almost immediately and her sister was just unbelievable to And she passed away like a couple of years ago now it's a long time ago It seems it goes fast, right? But what a great combination. We love you both They were loyal to me from day one when they heard stuff they said that's a lot of crap They were with me from day one And that Trump sign gets bigger and bigger. I said that's so nice. I want to buy one for myself But I just the president. I'm gonna give you one. I don't want it But you know what you know what we appreciate your loyalty your friendship and I saw silk backstage I said I'm bringing you up stage. I'm gonna bring you up stage and we miss your great sister And we love you and thank you very much Thank you Great All right mr. President you ready? Yeah, I'm gonna be very careful with these Yeah, it's a little bit. She's weren't designed for me exactly Okay All right, mr. President our first question comes from Ali she was one of the residents here in North Carolina That was directly impacted by the hurricane and it destroyed her community Ali where you at Good evening President Trump My name is Ali and I'm from the foothills of North Carolina Our entire community has been decimated Thank you President Trump for visiting the disaster sites to bring attention and donating millions in relief Thank you This week This week we have learned that not only did 13,000 13,000 murders illegally cross our border But FEMA is out of money because they have been providing $9,000 to every illegal And not enough enough is enough We must put Americans first how soon will you start deporting the murderers So let me just tell you that you're right about that it's 13,000 oh 99 to be exact and Murderers many of these people murdered more than one person some one did seven These are not people we want in our country. So Those who's I guess released by somebody that loves us Maybe in border patrol we don't know exactly where the numbers, but these are certified numbers And you had 16,000 drug traffickers you had Numbers that nobody's ever seen six hundred and forty five thousand criminals overall They're in our country. They nobody has any idea they're from places unknown Nobody knows who they are what they are But we know that we have over six hundred thousand people released into our country along with the ones that you were talking about the 21,000 But of them 13,000 more than 13,000 are murders and Some were on schedule to die They were scheduled toward the death penalty and we have them now nicely in scourced in our country I'll tell you what We have the worst president and the worst vice president in the history of a murder This they are horrible they are horrible That that could happen and just the concept of open borders doesn't make sense You know we built 500 miles of wall more and we're gonna add another 200 much more than I said I was gonna do And that's why we had we had the best numbers ever. Oh the chart. So you know the chart my favorite chart alley My favorite piece of paper my favorite chart, but we had a chart. Do you have something up here? They could show I love that I love that chart. Oh I love that chart If I didn't look to the right I wouldn't be going to Butler tomorrow. You know we're going to Butler tomorrow If I didn't look over So uh now but that if you look at the chart at the arrow on the bottom that shows the lowest number in the history of our country That was the day I left office and these clowns took over and what they've done to our country Between that and so many other things what they've done to our country But you know I view inflation was the worst we've ever had I think they say all was only 48 years somebody one of the fake news back there They corrected me one time they said no 48 years. Oh, okay But it wasn't I believe it was the worst that we've ever had and that's been one of the big problems But to me and I know that you talk about the bad economy you talk about all of the cost and the cost is so bad to me The worst is the border because it's like what they're doing is they're destroying country and it's not easy. We're going to get them out. We're going to have the largest deportation in history I'm not proud to say that either, but it's it's a tough thing to do And we're going to get on a we're going to get the criminals out We're going to start with the worst of them. We're going to get them out and you know who's going to help us local law enforcement local law enforcement they're going to be great They know their names. They know their serial numbers We're going to get them out and you know very simply we have a little thing called MAGA Everybody who knows magas called make America great again. That's what we're going to do. We're going to make America great again Thank you darling really good question. Thank you You know mr. President she your credit too. I think that's largely why you've actually outpaced every other candidate for president with the support from the Hispanic American community Because it's not just a racing we all want border security. So thank you mr. President It's an incredible community that we I don't know it's just a very energetic You know that right it's energetic and they're very entrepreneurial and they just they love our country And we have we've gotten record numbers with the Hispanic community and I don't know it just works It just works. So I appreciate it very much. Thank you. Thank you darling very much Thank you guys. All right mr. President our next question is from john He was a green beret captain who was actually kicked out of the military I think he's going to share his story with you once again. Hi Good looking guy. Thank you Good evening mr. President. I'm john frankman. I was as special forces green beret who was forced out of the military because of the COVID-19 vaccine So the Biden Harris DOD COVID-19 vaccine mandate was very damaging to the military It forced thousands and service members out and thousands did not want to join now The Biden Harris DOD has the lowest recruiting in modern history and now they're pushing more well training So how do you plan to repair the military from the damage that was done and a whole military leaders accountable So I want to have them come back into the military with pay and you know they've been talking about that But it never happened they never did what they said they were going to do they should have never been a mandate That should have never happened You should have been given choices we say we want choice and education and we we want a choice there too And that should have never happened and you know We've lost some of our best people in the military too. Did you leave? Did you leave Did you ever take the vaccine or I never did so yet you wanted choice yeah and Do you want it would you go back in if they were able to as long as there's accountability potential? No, there'd be accountability is right they can who will fire their asses We don't want to lose this guy We want to get he's he's central casting we want to get him back in Yeah, we're going to take care of it. I hope you do come back or I hope you do very well outside to be honest Wherever you are, I just want you to do well But we're going to get a lot of people coming back. They should have never had the mandate The mandate was a big mistake and they treated people terribly terribly. Okay. Thank you very much. Great. You look great Thank you We lost a lot of great people also another you know with police forces I mean a lot of a lot of people were forced into doing things that you want to do But I love that question. That's a great question. Thank you very much. I also too if I could Mr President, I don't think I've told you this story yet But actually we had some of our friends that had been deployed and one of our friends actually was stop shot pretty badly And ended up going to Walter Reed and to put in perspective There's a lot of politicians that will take photos with the military But they don't care but President Trump actually went privately didn't ask for a photo opportunity And he said thank you to our friend that have been shot in combat at Walter Reed His heart and it he loves our community and when I say that he has your back He needs to make sure that they're accountable. He will Thank you Thank you very much and I'll tell you the You know we have a great military and we really do but Walter Reed you mentioned the name and that hospital was Unbelievable the doctors are unbelievable. They had a lot of problems with getting there getting to it You know managerially getting into see but we had the best doctors they could do things that nobody else could do And they got to see some really badly hurt people and the level of talent at Walter Reed It's just an incredible hospital So we have to pay our due respect you know you hear so much about government owned or whatever I don't think there's a better hospital in the world than Walter Reed so we should say that right? Yes, sir. Yes, sir Mr President our next question comes from an active duty service member here at Fort Bragg They like it Austin where you at Oh front row that was good Get any gone from thank you president I've never done this before Uh, I'm an active duty soldier here at Fort Liberty. I don't want to start off by saying I'm here in personal capacity You met for Bragg right? Yes For Bragg now Are you not you're not a soldier now? No, I'm a soldier. I'm currently but On a oh shit. Thank you so I'm hearing my personal capacity not speaking on behalf of the army or DOD in any way Uh this week we saw the missiles flying into Israel from Iran and how impressive I run I'm the iron dome is in protecting Israel What are we thought what are our thoughts or what are your thoughts on the iron dome for America? I love it and then I love it how can you I love it We're going to have it one of the things I say we're going to have an iron dome Why shouldn't we have an iron dome and you see how effective so the other day 287 big missiles ballistic missiles we shot into Israel every single one of them was taken down Well, why shouldn't we have that and it's all going to be made in the United States You know, it was our technology It's all going to be made in the U.S And a lot of it's going to be made in a place called North Carolina if you don't mind okay And I think I think I just learned the secret I look we're going to win I believe you got to get out there you got to get vote know that but I think I just learned the secret To winning absolutely and by massive margins I'm going to promise to you as I said at the beginning that we're going to change the name back to Fort Greg because I think When that word gets out I just see This great looking soldier just accidentally said Fort Liberty and he got almost booed the hell out of the place That was very that was not good anyway I believe it's absolutely something that we want to have for safety and we're a target for a lot of different places I listened to Biden yesterday, you know since I went under the wing You know used to go under the wing of the aircraft nobody ever did that before I did all of a sudden Biden started But he only takes like a half a question usually can't answer but They asked him what do you think about uh what do you think about Iran would you Hit Iran and he goes as long as they don't hit the nuclear stuff That's the thing you want to hit right? I said I think he's got that one wrong. Is that the what you're supposed to hit? I mean it's the most it's the biggest risk we have Nuclear weapons the power of nuclear weapons the power of weaponry you know I rebuilt the entire military Jets everything I built it including nuclear and I hated to build the nuclear But I got to know firsthand the power of that stuff and I'll tell you what uh We we have to be totally prepared we have to be absolutely prepared But when they asked him that question the answer should have been hit the nuclear first and worry about the rest later and That's why they should it's what if they're going to do it If they're going to do it they're going to do it But we'll find out whatever their plans are but great question. Thank you very much Thank you Mr. President, I don't think you get enough credit for what you did with favor handbook words I mean that really was historical I I agree I agree But realistically because of the failed foreign policy out of this current administration we are on the verge of World War 3 When you get back in office what are you going to do to change it? So a lot of things are happening very fast and you know We could end up in World War 3 before we get there the way it's going right now look at Russia with Ukraine That's a disaster look at the Middle East. It's exploding all over the place and we have people that look We have a president that they spend more he spends most of his time on the beach sleeping I never saw a guy could sleep in front of a camera. Does anybody Think of it. I don't sleep that much. I toss and turn. I think I think I think I'm always thinking you ever do that You're sweating and you're thinking and you're trying to figure out how to beat this one that look how to make our country grade But I toss and I turn this guy just falls asleep in the beach like this nothing to it I wish I had that ability that's one ability He has that I do not have and I wouldn't mind having it. I could use a little extra sleep But We are going to we are going to do things with our country. You just have to be respected again You know Victor Orban is you know the fake news a lot of fake news back there by the way, but the fake news The fake news you know they call him a strong man. He's the head of Hungry and we have and he's you know very strong guy very tough guy But I mean more than anything. I was a very smart guy and they said why is the world blowing up? You have the Middle East is blowing up You have Russia Ukraine that could lately Catastrophe you talk about nuclear weapons that could be a total catastrophe Why isn't he said if you put Trump back in the White House? It's all gonna end you're gonna have peace You know we had four years. We didn't have any wars. We didn't have any tears. We didn't have anything And I won't tell you exactly what he said Maybe I will He said because they were afraid of Trump. I don't want to be the one saying that but they were probably afraid of me because they couldn't They think I was crazy and that's a good thing to think right soldier That's a good they said they said this guy is crazy But no, he said that you put Trump back in the White House. You're not gonna have all of that stuff is gonna heal October 7th would have never happened the attack on Israel would have never happened Remember Iran was broke They weren't giving money to his blood. They weren't giving money to anybody any of these They call them delegates of terror a lot of different names, but it's always of terror and there was no money for Hamas And now you look we had no we had you know because you were such a big part of it We had no attacks. We had no terrorism. We had known nothing for four years We had and I wanted to talk about it during the four years, but that's never smart right Robert That's never smart to do so I didn't but I talk about it a lot now We had no attacks. We had none of this stuff going on We defeated ISIS by the way we took ISIS we defeated them in four weeks It was supposed to take five years I rebuilt the military and we had a military and we have great generals not the television guys by the way the real generals I'm talking about like Raisin cane general raisin cane you know who that is but we defeated ISIS quickly It was supposed to take five years. We did it in four weeks We have a great military and we have a military that's not woke You may have a few people on the top that are woke and we're going to get rid of them so damn fast your head's Yeah, he's not kidding. I mean we've traveled around the world just on codels and every single world leader that we met with said that they needed you back Because you'd be tough on China. They know that other people won't be tough on China, but you'll be tough on China I believe in China like so it's back You know China wants to see a little stability too I charged China hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs and they paid it and frankly We had a good relationship with with President Xi but they paid hundreds of billions of dollars No other president got them to pay ten cents not literally not ten cents Got hundreds of billions of dollars and you know what more importantly they respected your country They don't respect us anymore. They respected your country and they'll respect us again Amen, sir. Peace through strength. Our next question is from Sarah. Sarah is a VA advocate Sarah where you at? We're working now As you know you talked about Walter Reed sir and I'll just say my husband is one of the most catastrophically wounded surviving service members and you visited with him there many times Wow, and this past July you saw him in Charlotte. Yes, sir. Is he here? No, not tonight But you just saw him this summer. So he was so happy to see you this summer. Yes, sir. Yes, sir But I want to talk about all the advancements you made for community care and you empowered veterans to choose their own providers And secretary And I was so proud to stand with you many times in the White House is you signed historic legislation and executive orders to take care of our Military and veteran families We've watched that community care access where a veteran can choose his or her own provider We've watched that be actively limited and actively rolled back President Trump how are you going to bring that back as a day one priority and give veterans the choice for the best medical care back again? It's such a great question and thank you and a lot of good wife that is and I'll bet you husband's great You love your husband, right? You know the people like you what is your first name Sarah people like Sarah are so important to our country Because they take care of people that are great heroes real heroes and they take care and if they didn't take care The hospitals would be unable to do it. They just would be there this right now I mean with all of the migrants the migrants have taken over a hospital. They've taken over a school We don't have anything, but people like Sarah the job they do is incredible And they do it at a pure love. They don't do it for any other reason. They do it at a pure love and we have to help them We have to help them because the medical course would be unaffordable by our nation It would be totally unaffordable and it was better before and I heard it sliding I spoke with Robert before and he who did by the way an incredible job. You did an incredible just stand up, please And Sarah we had thank you Robert. You know we had a 92% approval rating at the VA 92% now it's down into the 40s We had a think whole choice where if you had a wait too long for a doctor You know the story if you had a wait too long guys were waiting four five six months They go in with a minor problem They end up being terminally ill because they didn't take care of it It could have been taken care of with a shot with a pill with a minor operation. They end up dying and we change it and we had choice We also had accountability remember we accountability So in choice they tried to get it for 52 years accountability for 58 years accountability You couldn't fire anybody at the VA And I said that's no good because you had satis in the VA you had bad people in the we had some bad people And we fight about 9,000 people and we replaced them with 9,000 good loving people that love our heroes, right? That love our patriotic heroes And that was a big thing and I just said to Robert how's it going nowadays? How is it going and he said they're getting rid of choice rapidly? Choices when you can't see a doctor rapidly you go outside you find the doctor You get yourself fixed up and Sarah we pay the bill and it was a great thing and he said it's rapidly Not being used not being allowed to be used and you know I think it actually didn't cost I think it was probably we in the end we probably saved on it But money isn't the big thing here I think it actually we saved money on it because people would get very very sick These are people that would wait four five six months to see a doctor If you had to wait more than one day you go out you see a doctor we had bills negotiated fees Negotiate you know we can't be Totally crazy with this because the doctors are pretty good business people I will tell you right But we had a lot of fees negotiated but you go out see a doctor get yourself fixed up And you have no problems It was one of the best things we ever did and now this group of lunatics that don't give a damn about the military They're making you go through that waiting a four five six months again And our people can hear we have great doctors But they can handle the loads and we're gonna go back We get back in we're going back to that right we're going back to it immediately You're gonna be in great shape, Sarah You and your husband are going to be in great shape and thank you very much credible Thank you, Sarah Mr. President we actually have someone that and before we ask his question I wanted to read this to the crowd He had actually written a letter to you after you'd been shot in Pennsylvania Dear President Trump watching you during the Butler rally and you getting back up both my wife and I gave a sigh of relief as well as a few tears I would be honored if you would accept this small token that I received as a young marine in Vietnam My wife and I both thought it appropriate God bless you your family and the United States of America sincerely Dwight Dwight where you at Thank you Whoa looks like a check it's a check it's cash For those of you who may not know Dwight had given President Trump his purple heart That's right I couldn't thank anybody more deserving of the purple heart. Thank you If you took it you lay down there you got back up and the first words out of your mouth was fight fight fight You didn't even have anything to shoot back at You got got He doesn't do this but he's better than anybody as far as I'm now. I'm hardly better than you on this You're great at this and I wanted to thank you. I know that most of you all Watched the President on that day and Was very fearful that some terrible happened when he went down on the ground But it was such a relief our hearts were so filled with joy because We saw what happened and it was a minor wound But it was close to being a terrible You know, I said I said how does it why was there so much blood to the doctor? It's bleeding like crazy This is a little fact some of you might have heard this but you get hit in the air in the ear and it bleeds more than any other Part of the body so I didn't mind being hit that way. I don't want to be hit that way This This way, but it didn't make the turn. I would have been hit the other way. That's no good That would not have been too good But it is it is true and I got very lucky and maybe it wasn't so much luck. Maybe there's something else Right, maybe there's something else up there But that's great. Thank you You also you also took the time out to write me a beautiful letter and gave me a challenge coin I never expected that from the president of the United States. Well, thank you very much. I'm not remembered very well when you gave it Yes, I will Really, thank you. I served as a Marine in Vietnam. I'm probably served as a Marine in Vietnam and I Thank you very much There was about there were quite a few that did When I came back from the Service and stuff like that we didn't get the quite the greatest greeting but you didn't A lot of a lot of the veterans nowadays are homeless. They're 7% were homeless Before Biden and Harris took over now. There's 14% I would like to know what you're going to do to prevent this from getting any larger and also Kick in these illegal aliens out of the freaking hotels and Before we do it So one of the things that most angers me about this is the 21 million people plus you know they say it's 10 It's 12. It's whether it is or not. It's much more than that It's 21 million and it's probably with the Godaways and everything a lot more than that But one of the things that most angers me is that you have veterans on the streets in front of a hotel And you have a legal Immigrants some of them are serious killers and drug dealers and all the people that we talked about before and terrorists And those people being walked into a hotel and they're staying in a hotel And they walk by veterans who are sleeping on the street and it could be cold. It could be hot And it bothers me if we stop if we close our walls we're going to be able to handle it They are spending so much money on taking care of the illegal migrants now we call them We used to call them illegal aliens. I call them whatever they want to call them. So do you But they're not supposed to be here and We're going to close the world first day. We're going to do a couple of things first day We're going to drill baby drill and we're going to close the wall. We're going to close it up and We will be We're going to have to take people out we cannot have killers do we agree does anybody want to leave the murderers the drug dealers in our country Do you know? Do you know one of the little facts that's Very sad but make sense that all these things I predicted three four years ago. I was saying this is going to happen now It's happening the migrant crime. It's a massive. It's a massive crime But all of this that's happened everybody it's common sense that it was going to happen And we're going to have to get them out because we have no choice It's not sustainable by any country We have done things that are so stupid like as an example I consider it to be less important But it's very important still because it's a way of life men playing in women's sports, okay Who wants that and who wants open borders because open borders is so you say how does the thing like that happen? All of these policies we're going to be changing and we have now somebody Running as a radical left person you know more left by far than polka hauntis more you know, who that is More left by far than crazy Bernie Sanders She's more left and we can't have it So we're going to take care of your people and your friends you get a lot of friends out there that don't have a place And we're going to do it and we're going to do it faster. We're going to put money to it first of all We're standing on The greatest power It's called liquid gold. We have more than any other country. We don't use it We get oil and gas now from Venezuela. Do you believe it? We're going to take our own and we're going to make a lot of money So we're going to make a lot of money We're going to take care of our veterans properly. We're not going to have that happen anymore, okay Thank you. Do I Beautiful guy beautiful guy I Think I'm going to stand this chair is the most uncomfortable chair I'm a it first of all it spins and the one thing I don't want is to fall on my ass because that's going to be That will be the only story. They'll say sir. You did great too bad you felt that would be the only story So I'm not sitting in that sucker. I think it's a poopy trap. That was put there by Kamala Well that brings me to my next question. So you're talking on immigration and border security So we all know that that's tied to national security and the one thing that takes me off is you have Kamala Harris who Runs on the fact that she's a minority woman But yet she's done nothing about the 300,000 migrant children that have gone missing just real quick. How many parents are in this room? How many women are in this room that support Trump? As mothers Graham mother sisters wives Would you ever tolerate children being trafficked? If you were in Kamala's position wouldn't you have stopped that? President Trump you've done more for not just the Hispanic American community But I think women in this country not just I'm just going to two to his point for a second He's put women in positions of power, but the media won't cover that They won't because it doesn't fit their narrative. They want women to hate them. But guess what we don't hate them. We love it don't we? But I don't do it. I don't do it really for a pure really great reason. I just do it because I want results and I just find women to be smarter than men You don't mind to do that everyone said well. It's not bad. Thank you Well Mr President to follow up on that question as a grandfather and a father What are you going to do to stop the trafficking of women and children in this country and specifically with the migrant children as well? So we had it down to the lowest number you saw that on the graph that included drugs and included Trafficking and in women mostly women and children But you mentioned a number. It's to be exact 325,000 now think of that you could fill up the biggest stadium as many times with this 325,000 children are missing during the Biden Rain now let's say her because they made her and you know it's funny when you say Harris right nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about You say the Harris team who nobody knows they have to say Kamala so Kamala But Kamala and Biden 325,000 just during this almost four-year rain That's Missing but many of them are dead many of them are in sex slavery Many of them are slavery period and they're gone and never to be seen probably by their parents again Never to be seen their parents are all over the world looking they're looking for And what we've done here is so horrible 325 can you imagine if that were me where they were missing this would be the biggest story the fake news media never talks about it You know what they're not talking about and you know Anna you know what they're not talking about they're not talking about something I'll since very important they are doing this is Katrina They are doing the worst job on a hurricane that any administration has ever done and these people don't want to talk about it They don't want to talk about it People are saying it's the worst job and you people know it a lot of you people know it because you're here But they've done the worst job Kamala has done the worst job And it's really like her because she was put in charge now. She said I wasn't the voters are they shouldn't call Well, she was always the voters are she never she never went to the border until a little And then she made a speech like I'm going to start getting very tough. Why didn't she do it four years ago You know you could always say why didn't and what she had to do is leave Our policies we had Brandon Judd we had Tom Homan you know Tom Homan and see him a lot He's great like central casting he was great all these people are great We have great people there right now But we have some tremendous people and you know, it's interesting with border patrol and ice It's really easier for them not to do their job, but they love the country They really want to do the job They're so disgusted when they have to let people and you look at some people you know their criminals And they have to let them go walking right by into our country now We're going to straighten it out. It's going to be straighten that right but 300 hit remember this number 325,000 children are missing that means many dead are missing during this administration And that's almost unthinkable and I can just imagine if that were us it would be Worst the worst story they never talk about it and the other story they don't talk about and I'm doing this because we want We're on all that television look at all that television the other story they don't talk about is what a rotten job They're doing in North Carolina and other places With respect to the hurricane they are doing a they are doing a terrible job Oh Mr President to follow up on that because the media is here I do believe that they've intentionally and this is my opinion not helped out those residents because it's red communities that are impacted Let's call it spade is spade Do your job and do better On a one one thing so Elon Musk we all love Elon you know Elon We have to take care of our brilliant people we don't have too many of them right there aren't too many brilliant people But I got a call an emergency call two days ago to speak to Elon and he endorsed me very strongly He endorses me almost every day. He wants us to win so badly But Elon is a brilliant guy Between the Tesla and this that the rockets, but he also does something Called you know the link starlings. So he has starlings Now I'm not too familiar with it all I know is it's really supposed to be great So they call because in North Carolina and parts of North and a little bit Georgia But in parts of North Carolina every line is down. There was no But there was no calls no anything nobody could get through to anybody and I got a call From a big person in North Carolina could you possibly call Elon Musk Because we need help with starlings could we get starlings you know really and I did and he was great You know he did something is he had it order. I got a call during my phone call They called me up the people from North Carolina and they said thank you very much for helping us with Mr. Musk I was talking to him. He's still he wasn't off the phone I said you have some kind of a thing that we're talking and you're ordering people. This was the craziest thing. No just He's like I'm talking so Elon. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. I'll see he's going to Butler tomorrow You know Elon is going to but But I asked him about starlings would you be able to get a certain section of Georgia? They're gonna fly him in with helicopters and everything else would you be able and as I'm talking to him They're calling me in the other line thanking me for getting it So I got to ask of what the hell that was all about right He's probably got some little contraption that he's going like this as he's talking to him He's incredible that guy I'll tell you but he got a tremendous toward Georgia and for North Carolina the starlings They got it and here's the one thing they have to do they have to distribute it. They have to get it out there You got it here, but they have to get it out there. They're not getting it out. That's FEMA they've got to get it out so important But he's really done a great job. So we appreciate it Thank you mr. President. Thank you for all you're doing continuously Our next question is from Pete who was a Marine Corps veteran and his question is going to be covering the withdrawal of Afghanistan Pete Mr. President I am Pete from North Carolina and also Latino for Trump I knew I liked him And I proudly served the United States Marine Corps first as enlisted That's great. Thank you. And as an officer Despite what the vice president says We sadly lost 13 under her watch It sick. It's me many of my fellow Marines as well as my friend Lieutenant Colonel Sheller There has been zero accountability for the terrible withdrawal What would you do to make sure we have accountability for what happened? Okay, it's great. It's like I know more about that subject than any subject we spoke about because I think it was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country There was never anything. I don't think Putin would have gone and invaded Ukraine if that didn't happen He saw that he said how these people are stupid people there it idiots and you know they only respect Power and force when they saw that By the way if I were president Putin would have never done it period and you would have never had the attack and you wouldn't have had inflation And you wouldn't have had the problem that we're talking about because you know I had it down to 5000 I was getting out there with air for 20 years But a couple of things were done wrong number one. They should have kept the military base right? Bagram so you have a military base one of the largest bases in the world We left it. It's one hour forget about Afghanistan It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons, okay? You got to keep that and they didn't they fled they left We had a as you know 18 months. I called up Abdul Abdul is the head of the Taliban. That's the ones to do the shooting Okay, not not the Afghans It's called the Taliban and the press said why would you call it because that's where the shooting is and I called him up We didn't have I was nasty We didn't have one Soldier killed because they were killing a lot of our soldiers the snipers and a lot of them with the Obama Biden administration before I got there and a lot of them and I called him up at a rough call And after that call we didn't have one soldier killed for 18 months. We didn't have one soldier shot at for 18 months and then We had a terrible election. We're not gonna let that happen again We can't ever let that happen again. We're not gonna have a it would what a shame that was But we had a election and these guys took over and it all started up again And what they did with that with draw was so bad number one We lost 13 great soldiers and as you know, I know the parents of a lot of them But we lost the soldiers we left $85 billion worth of equipment behind we left Americans behind Everything was wrong and we embarrassed our country. I really mean I think it was most embarrassing The one thing you do is you take the soldiers out last Okay, they took the soldiers at first a five-year-old child would tell you that the other thing you do is you fire every general that was involved in that case because those guys were incompetent And you haven't heard the last of that I promise you you have not heard the last time What a terrible what a terrible thing that was worst one of the most Barrasing me is a person that loves our country. That was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country in my opinion Thank you. We're gonna we're gonna take care of that. I gotta get back in Mr. President Mr. President such a good title for a miss. You do know she's a congresswoman, right? And a highly respected one she's actually a killer where their husband and the most beautiful baby you've ever seen back sage She's a congresswoman from Florida and I have to say she's a highly respected person. Thank you, Mr. President Thank you mr. President our next question is from Terry in regards to military pay and Terry is from the 82nd Airborne Thank you for being here. My name is Terry. I have had the honor of serving with the 80 mighty 82nd Airborne. I'm also a proud member of the lumpy tribe The largest tribe in North Carolina we have one of the highest percentage of military service in the nation a higher percentage of the overall population My question my question sir is about military pay You provided the largest pay raise in history to our military Unfortunately, we have seen inflation skyrocket and more and more service members and veterans are on fixed incomes and are finding hard it hard to pay for basic basics like grocery I will commit what will you commit to increase military pay and bring down prices? Very good turn. I appreciate it too and it's very unfair So I gave the largest pay raise in the history of the military And I thought that was wonderful But then when these clowns came in these incompetent fools came in they allowed inflation and because of the energy policies I think mostly but also because of their spending But they allowed massive inflation So your pay stayed here and you were happy and then all of a sudden the cost of bacon doubled and the cost of everything else doubled and tripled and quadruple Interest rates went to 10% so you could no longer we were at 2% and they went to 10% so you could no longer buy a house So many things happened the answer is yes, I'm going to take care of you I'm going to take care of our law enforcement and you know Well, so I'm going to take care of our teachers our teachers are very underpaid We're going to take care of our teachers They take care and I did it I did and I felt strongly but you know the fact is that they got wiped out what we gave you got wiped out by their inflation That they should have never had that's another thing you would have never had inflation Because it was caused largely by really dumb energy that energy went through the sky that brought everything with it So we're going to take care but law enforcement also and your teachers, okay? Thank you mr. President We now have time for one last question. So our last question Make this a good one Our last one comes from Matthew Matthew He was the f15 pilot I won't hold that against you Mr. President first off I want to speak on behalf of everyone here and say thank you for taking time tonight to speak with our troops Thank you Thank you We got a lot of good-looking men in this audience don't we? And a lot of good-looking women also by the way Thank you very much. Okay, go ahead I'm going to revisit something you've talked about already My name is Matt Lomairos and Air Force F-15 pilot and it was a commander in your newly created US Space Force I am also the first veteran of the Space Force because under the Biden Harris regime I was fired from my command and lost my pension for criticizing I trainings that were rampant in the military Those trainings are still dividing our troops and thank you for saying you had fired those few local generals who are a big problem They gone I'm going to suggest That it might in fact require ongoing oversight and a persistent consistent Watchful eye within the Pentagon to ensure this monster never returns to the defense department Will you consider establishing a special task force office or position to ensure that these monsters never return to the defense department? You know I'll do and I'm pretty good at this stuff. Sometimes you get it wrong I'm going to put you on that task force. I think it's good. Not going to do better than that I'll put you on make sure you get the Beautiful, right? I have your approval. Yes, sir. I have your approval We're not going to get better than him You're right about it. You're right Thank you I'm caught Mr President that wraps it up for the evening. Do you have any closing statements to everyone? Well, I just want to say that it was very important that I got to North Carolina You know Laura My daughter-in-law gave me the most beautiful grandchildren, but Laura's here I don't know if she's right here or where is Laura would you come out here? She is absolutely the good come on up here Come on She comes from Right around here and she loves this state and I you know I'm you better be careful because I'm going to blame her if anything happens in this day, but I'm gonna But we're gonna win at North Carolina. Are we not? I I am from right down the street a little ways in Wilmington, North, Carolina where I was born and raised And I know I don't even have to ask this audience this question But are we ready to send Donald J. Trump back to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue? All right Here's what I need from everybody You might know that I am right now the co-chair of the RNC Thanks to my father-in-law calling me one evening But here's how we are going to make it too big to rig. Here's how we're gonna swamp the vote is everyone in here registered to vote If If you are not go right now to swamp the vote USA.com and get registered Go vote early and take every person you know to go vote early We will win this big league as Donald Trump says on November 5th All right ladies and gentlemen Thank you guys. I love you North Carolina Thank you I Have to thank you because you gave me a great really a great daughter unless she's really special and she is Along with Michael who's here Michael Watley there essentially the co-chairman of the Republican Party This is a very Upwardly mobile person. She's doing good. But you know the truth. She's so good I'm very conscious of like nepotism But when I did with her I recommended or I did it was recommend and everybody couldn't believe she's even doing it She is really a person that's incredible. She's respected by everybody. They love her She comes from here and there is no place she likes better than North Carolina So get out there and vote in honor of This wonderful person this wonderful person Is where is Michael when you get up here Michael please don't worry about the time The networks will stay with us right? Michael would you say a few words? So Michael Watley I mean, I guess I like North Carolina because he was ahead of the Republican Party We won the state twice and last time when all of a sudden around three or two in the morning We started to fall off on a lot of things. We was it was ridiculous But with this state there was no fall off he had 102 lawyers working for And I said who the hell is the guy that did such a good job in North Carolina because we were leading in Slovenia we were leading all the way along and these people will do it they have no shame And he did the job and I said I want to get him and he's chairman of the essentially the Republican Party And I just want to say you're doing a great job But I don't want to say it too early. Let's wait till November 6th I want to wait till the morning after right Then I feel confident that we'll say it but So Michael is from North Carolina. He was ahead of your party and he did a great job And he went to the top and please say a few words Michael So to win North Carolina we are going to get out the vote We are going to protect the ballot We are going to expand our majority in the house. We are going to flip the Senate and we are going to send Donald J Trump back to the White House as the 47th president of the United States Thank you Michael. Thank you Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you everybody from Fort Bragg Thank you