# YouTube Video Transcript
# Channel: Unknown
# Upload Date: Unknown
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v46FwsLUOc&ab_channel=LiveNOWfromFOX
# Language: en
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 75.0%
# Whisper Model: base
# Extracted: 2025-08-21 20:24:46

================================================================================

I won't forget the men who died who gave their lives to me and I got his hand up next to you and it been her still today But you're being called out of this friend God bless the day And I'm And I won't forget the men who died who gave their lives to me and I finally stand up Next to you and it been her still today But there ain't no doubt I love this man God bless the Well, thank you very much. This is like a Michigan football game over here I want to thank you JD for the introduction you're going to be a fantastic vice president of the United States And you know I chose him because he's for the worker he's for the people that work so hard and Perhaps weren't treated like they should have been but they were treated that way four years ago I can tell you that but we're gonna get it back bigger better stronger than ever before. Thank you very much This is some I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of Michigan with thousands and thousands and I mean lots of thousands up here There's a hell of an arena But you are the hardworking Patriots that we love you know they have crowds of people outside You're not even gonna believe it they go blocks and blocks But let's forget about them right? Let's forget about Let me begin this evening with a very special thanks to Americans nationwide including all of you here today for Your extraordinary outpouring of love and support in the wake of the horrific last Saturday event And When you think of it, it was exactly one week ago today almost to the hour even to the minute Granable one a day it was as I said earlier this week I stand before you Only by the grace of Almighty God that's true You shouldn't be here. I shouldn't be here Maybe Jay dear somebody else would be here, but I shouldn't be here right now But something very something very special happens. Let's face it something happen I want to thank Butler Memorial Hospital in Pennsylvania for the incredible job they did and Service they gave And all of the great citizens of Butler, Prince of Ane and the surrounding area and everyone else for the job They did and the love that they showed us all it was incredible actually what a time that was What a time that was nobody seen anything like it and Hopefully they never will again and they had cameras blazing I guess it was different in that way too because we're right in the middle all those see look at all the news back there And they were all blazing they were they were going No, they covered it fairly they couldn't believe what they were saying either so They did you did covered fairly Let me also thank congressman Ronnie Jackson from Texas. You know congressman Ronnie Jackson for the care And treatment he gave me as an outstanding doctor which he is he's really an amazing guy. Where's Ronnie? Dr. Ronnie is here someplace Oh, thank you Ronnie Thank you very much Great doctor. Who's a great admiral a great doctor. He's a White House doctor for Bush Obama and a guy named Trump and they said who was the healthiest of the three? He said not even a question Trump and I said I love that guy I Love that When he said that That was my doctor even if he's the congressman that was my doctor But he's been a great congressman. Thank you very much Ronnie for everything. We appreciate it Ronnie Jackson We Continued to pray for the recovery of the two citizens who were wounded in that evil attack David Dutch and James Copenhagen to really incredible people we remain in contact and send our deepest respect to the families as a Cory as you know Cory Comparator was a brave fire fighter who died funeral yesterday Sheild his wife and daughters from bullets you shielded them from the bullets of this This horrendous person Cory was a hero and we will carry his memory in our hearts for Great hero That's great And he was a big trumper and we will never forget him right we're all together We're all together. This is there's never been anything like what you witnessed the other day with the convention I don't think there's ever been a convention where there was such unity and love and Even the right now I'll say just for a second the fake news even said it that way. I want to be nice But the fake news reported it correctly. That was there's never been such unity and Everybody did a great job and the speeches and everything was just an incredible event and I'll tell you what Milwaukee was a fantastic place. This was a beautiful arena. They did a really great job and Wisconsin is going to vote for us because we spent $250 million And when they go into the voting booth they're gonna say we love this guy Trump He gave us 250 million with jobs and they got a vote Wisconsin's a very important state as we know But they really did Wisconsin did a great job Milwaukee They did a great job and the arena was Fantastic and it was just love it was like a big beautiful four-day love fest. There was no There was no fight You know, there was no fight no screams no shouting no Get that guy off the platform and in case there was we had the hawkster with us, right? How good was he? How That was the hawkster and Kid Rock called he said I want to get you know kid rock is big and he wanted to get down and he did an unbelievable job He was great But all of them everybody we had so many great people there it was really an amazing thing to see and it was Really something I don't think there's ever been a lot of people report I think it's either party. There's never been anything like it and now we have something coming up We're they're going to go through the convention and they have a couple of problems I'm a one they have no idea who they can't they they this and either do way that's a problem But we'll see hopefully they get it worked out Sort of interesting this guy goes and he gets the votes and now they want to take it away. That's democracy They talk about democracy. Let's take it away from them But now we go forward is one movement and really we're doing a very we have a very special group of people like the people here Your people built this country It's one movement and we're more united determined Than ever before we've never been so determined Bad things happened last time we're not gonna let them happen this time bad bad things happen We will never stop working to deliver a Magnificent future for our people and together we will fight fight fight right and we will win win win Thank you I like this place You ever walk in to a place and you say I sort of like this place Less than four months from now we are going to win Michigan We are going to take back the way Magnum at a landslide and with your help we are going to make America great again Right And our convention on Just a little while ago in Milwaukee and Thursday It was my tremendous honor to officially accept the Republican nomination for president of the United States And I used to say it in 2016 and I meant it a hundred percent but I mean it even more now because this country has gone wrong We're a failing nation. We're really a left-at-failing nation right now This will be the most important election in the history of our country. This is gonna be the most important We cannot let it slip by we cannot let People cheat we cannot let this slip by or we're not gonna have a country because I do have other things I could be doing would be a lot easier although I'd rather be with you than sitting on some gorgeous beach watching boring waves coming No, I'd rather I would rather Actually, I would you know that I think that's one of the reasons we've been so successful together you know I mean that too But we're gonna make our country more successful than ever before yet even as we gather this evening We will and take a look still the Democratic nominee. We're gonna find out shortly. Maybe I don't know what well Let's do this. Let's do a poll You know, I love doing polls, right like I do a poll. I do lots of polls like Do you like make America great again? Or do you like America first? Do you like them both I like them both right? But let's do a poll on candidates ready so I'll go I'll go we're gonna do a poll and a few candidates the press will like this because it won't have to pay for the poll You know you do these crazy polls and they charge you 250 look this Mr. Wall this guy is the greatest guy He must have a lot of money because he's at so many different rallies And he was at the one that was the tough one wasn't he and that was something you were right up in the front there You saw that that was something we're gonna do a poll and it's going to be a very nice poll and it's right Who's your favorite candidate who would you like? Let's do it. Who would you most like to run against because you know you could say who's the best candidate We're saying who would you like to? We'll start with Kamala Harris and then and then we'll go And then we'll go to Crook a Joe Biden and then we could possibly discuss if you So who would you like? To most run against if you're us if we want to win ready? Kamala Harris Crook a Joe Biden All right, I don't think we have to go too much further Well, you have a terrible governor here. We did a terrible job Whitman I'd like to run against her actually So she's one of the 20 that I mentioned She's the one that gave her husband full right title and interest everything but nobody else could do anything But her husband her husband was sailing in the middle of your lake Your beautiful leg. He's out there sailing and everybody else had to be locked up, right? Her husband No, but things like that a mention during a campaign little things like that Now she's done a terrible job, but I hope I'd be very happy with her at this very moment Democrat party bosses are frantically trying to overthrow the results of their old party's primaries to dump Crook a Joe Biden from the ballot Couldn't happen to a nicer guy And as you're seeing the Democrat party is not the party of democracy They're really the enemies of democracy the parties of corrupt insiders like Whitmer special interests and the failed Political class. That's what they are under our leadership the Republican party is now the party of the people We're the party of hardworking Americans of every race religion color and free We become a very big party We become right fellas You know what I'm talking about. I love you guys. We love you guys No, we become we become a very big party. We have Increased in size nobody's ever honestly in history There's never been anything like this movement and that may be in the history of the world But let's keep it down to the country for right now because that's the thing But there's never been anything like mega when Biden just we have to stop mega. We will stop me I said he doesn't know what maga stands for it stands for make America great again How can you be against How can you be And you know the other sides going around trying to make me sound extreme. I like I'm an extremist I'm not I'm a person with great common sense. I'm not an extremist at all Like some on the right severe right Came up with this project 25 and I don't even know I mean some of them I know who they are But they're very very conservative just like you have This sort of the opposite of the radical left. Okay. You have the radical left And you have the radical right and they come up with this pro I don't know what the hell it is. It's project 25. He's involved in project And then they read some of the things that they are extreme. I mean this seriously extreme But I don't know anything about it. I don't want to know anything about it But what they do is misinformation and disinformation and they keep saying He's a threat to democracy. I'm saying what the hell did I do for democracy last week? I took a bullet for democracy What did I do against democracy Crazy Hello Chris Here's our great campaign man. Chris are you having a good time looking at him. He's back there. Cool as a cucumber You know so far they're giving us great credit for the best run campaign. They've seen in years. Isn't that not Thank you Susie. Thank you Chris. Look how cool he is just sits there Thanks it did try doing it with another candidate sometime That can't stop right anyway. Thank you very much. Great job Chris. Susie the whole group We have a great group of people. They love this country. They want to save the country That's what we're doing with your vote in this election the Trump fans administration by the way I made the right pair. He's so great. They were all good They were all good. He's really He's really stepped up But the Trump fans administration will begin rapidly reversing every single Biden Harris disaster Starting on day one And when you vote for Biden you're probably voting indirectly for Harris and he will with you like it Common sense. It's all common sense right We will end the inflation nightmare that you would have never had we had no inflation See there's another thing Biden always goes are I inherited 9% inflation and even the radical left Reporters up there look at all of them. Whoa. They have a lot They have a lot of them They have a lot of them look at those cameras, but they'll start turning off as soon as I start mentioning certain day I'll say the red light just went off No, but actually the radical left reporters of which there are quite a few I can't believe it. I don't know why they'd have them But the radical left reporter say the guys right you know wasn't it until two years in That we became destroyed with inflation inflation is a country buster It's a class buster it buss everything Low-income middle-income especially and they get bus they're busted the country gets busted look at Germany from Centuries ago look at every country that's had inflation and we had I believe the greatest inflation in the history of our country They don't even report her properly because they leave the worst numbers out They don't talk about interest rates that went to 10 11 12% and you can't get the money. So what does that mean 12% if you can't get the money means it's higher From 2% We will seal the border and we will stop this terrible invasion that's destroying our country We will crush migrant crime. We're gonna crush migrant crime. Oh, we have a new form of crime now It's called migrant crime the only good thing about these migrants coming in is they make our gang members and criminals look like the nicest people You've ever met these people are much tougher they come from all over the world not just from South America We're gonna return law in order to our streets and restore patriotism to our schools We gave you already the largest Tax cut in the history of our country larger than the Reagan cuts, but now we will give you an additional tax cut a number of tax cuts that will make it We took in more money after the tax cuts that we did Prior we took in billions and billions of dollars more after the tax cuts that we did We are the greatest economy in the history of our country everyone knows it We're gonna slash regulations. That's what created all of those jobs And gave them bounce back jobs you know they call bounce back jobs they have to cover they bounce back everybody knows that when you have Something like COVID which rarely happens, but when you have something like that they call bounce back jobs And we're gonna bring down energy prices very rapidly. It was energy that caused the problem and there's stupidity And we're gonna bring it down very quickly your energy bills will be cut in half at least you cut it Some sections like in New England. I'll be able to cut their energy by 60 70 percent It's absolutely crazy what has happened with energy We buy the oil from Venezuela. They used to be our enemy. I don't know we buy from Venezuela It's not really oil. It's tar and you know there's only one Refinery in the world that can do it. It's very heavy horrible stuff. It's garbage. It's a tar You lift it. I said that's not oil. We want light sweet crude. We have the best oil We have the best everything we go to Venezuela. You know where they refine it in Houston, Texas It's the only plant in the world that can refine that stuff So we go to Venezuela. We pay him a fortune We take that dictatorship. We make the dictatorship wealthy These people don't know what the hell they're doing. They're incompetent. They're grossly incompetent The biggest threat is because we have incompetent. That's the threat that democracy. It's a threat to our country We have incompetent people leading our country grossly incompetent people America's enemies will fear us the United States will again command the respect that it deserves Victor Orban The very powerful leader of hungry Said when asked what happened with the world that's falling to pieces their wars all over He said bring back Trump at lawland. It all ended. We had no problem in the world And something beautiful is going to happen because we will bring back the American dream and it'll be bigger better and bolder than ever before right And most importantly for the people of this great state You know years ago They gave me and Michigan the man of the year that was long before I was a politician I was a business guy. I did well. I like the state But I don't know. I heard a man of the year Michigan. I said that's cool. That's good I'm gonna make that trip. I didn't know why they were given it to me nothing But they were given it to me for I guess The fact that I employed a lot of people. I did real well This is probably 14 years ago And I came in and I said why do you allow foreign countries like Mexico? You know, Mexico's like we think of them as friendly But they haven't been too friendly lately. How about where they asked Biden to meet just to meet they want two billion dollars to meet they wouldn't ask that see they wouldn't even ask me that Because I'd say I will put 100% tariffs on everything you send into a country if you even think about it They want two billion dollars to meet The other way is we won't meet with you unless you pay us two billion dollars And this is every single year They want two billion dollars works the opposite of that the exact opposite But you know when you see The things that are happening to our country and all you have to do is know how to speak when I watch the way Our border was handled we had the best border the safest border the border the save my life You know I was pointing to an immigration border sign when I made this turn and that thing went that way instead of that way So I owe immigration My life It's true Now I think about I'm talking thousands and thousands much more than even this I mean we're restricted because here in this China That's the one thing about outdoor that's good you can have unlimited thousands and thousands as far as the I can see Nobody's over here over here because there's nobody there. It starts like this As far as the I can see and I said look at the great results that we had on immigration just look at the p If I didn't say that and it's because we had like a crane holding this massive sign I called the million dollar sign that they're expensive But that sign was very good. I think I'm going to sleep with it tonight to sleep with it I said what was that? What was that? Oh that I looked I said that's not good That's not good So it's uh immigration if you think about it right immigration I would have never been looking to the right and I had to be it was the only It was the only place that would have saved us they do They do these reports in the New York Times and all over the place where they had you know There's the shape you know that if he turns this way this way this way if every shot was no good for me except that the one direct direct And came whizzing by and I hope we have to never go through that again Everybody is it's so But most importantly for the people of your state this great state I will rescue the US auto industry from obliteration they're going to obliterate your auto and anybody that That votes for the head of the united auto workers this guy doesn't know what he's doing He's approved all electric cars and you know Elon I love Elon Musk. Do we love him? I love And I'm constantly talking about electric cars, but I don't mean I'm again I'm totally for them, but whatever the market says and if it's 10% of the market 12% 7% 20% whatever it is It's okay, but you can't have a hundred percent electric cars and you know so Elon Indorse me recently you know the day He's great Elon Musk He's a brilliant guy every time I call him he's talking about I got a new idea for a rocket you have to hear this No, it's true. You know the first time I ever saw this I'm watching television like Three years ago and I see a rocket engine motor engine Come down landing straight up in a no wings. No nothing and it's landing I thought I was seeing things what is that And it's landing on a barge in the middle of the ocean and then another one comes down and Another one another I guess four of them came down three or four and they land upright I said what the hell was that I've never seen that before Now if that were government you wouldn't see that for another 50 to 100 years, but it was Elon Now think of that and I called him and I've always had a good relationship with it But I called him and I said what was that? He said well we saved the engines. We saved the engines Because it's very expensive to build So I mean it didn't take me long to figure that if you save him that's good But who to help thought you could do that no wings no nothing just like these big long massive tubes and they're landing Gently right on the dot I said that's the coolest thing I've ever seen and you say how long would it take government to come up with that one I don't think they have heard of it Perhaps they still haven't heard of it But you know, he's a very advanced person and he's doing other things that are great and so or other we have to make We have to make life good for our smart people, you know, we have some smart people We have to make life good for our smart people and he's as smart as you get But Elon Endures me the day and I read I didn't even know this he didn't even tell me about it But he gives me 45 million dollars a month A month Not 45 million gives me 45 million a month And I talked to him just a little while ago for say I was coming here how you doing and He didn't even mention it didn't mention. I mean other guys they give you two dollars and you got to take him the lunch You got to wine them dine him No, he's a great guy really is but you know, he's never mentioned to me Why are you hitting the electric curse because he understands I'm not hitting it. I think it's incredible I've had them I've driven them they're incredible, but they're not For everybody some people have to drive long distances And they tend to be more expensive and you know, they'll probably be made in China because China has all of that material Oh, there's the guy that I stood up here you you just seem got the same muscles look at that guy Are you the same guy? Yes No kidding. It's pretty pretty good memory, right unlike somebody else that happened to be running again He wouldn't come on come on up here get up here. I got to get this guy this guy was central casting Look at him look. Oh, I think he was standing on a box. That was the only thing I said you got come on up here. Don't hurt yourself Can you get him up? I like this guy He's a serious union guy a united auto workers. You're looking at him get over there. It's okay. He does not carry guns He's not come on up here. Look at him. Look at his shape. He's I'm glad to see you I'm glad to see you I'm glad to see this guy I told you we're gonna get 85 million of us out there to vote for him. So let's go home from this rally and do our part Look at the arms of him. I may have height, but his arms are definitely more powerful, huh? Look at that guy Now last time I was here. I saw him and he was so great and he was He was agreeing with us or not. Oh, we want to bring car manufacturing back and what the deal with this thing with the all electric cars by In six years from now. It's ridiculous. You know in the Midwest they open up chargers They open up eight charges. You read about this nine Million dollars they spent for eight charges. That's like a gas pump. I guess it would be like the equivalent of a gas pump for electric right They spent nine billion dollars in eight charges. This is eight little charges nine billion dollars. How do you do that? It would cost to that rate five trillion dollars To create enough charges so it could run it doesn't work and it doesn't work the trucks either. I was with Swift big Swift company How many trucks you own 29,000 sir 29,000. That's a lot of trucks One of the biggest I guess like the biggest I think he's the biggest right and He said they wanted to destroy our business. They wanted to go all electric I said, so what's wrong with electric? I said if you take a big beautiful like Peter built or one of the great manufacturers How long how many times would you have to stop from New York to Los Angeles? None sir. We go right there We have some left over you know like That's with diesel I said what about if it's electric we have six to seven stops about three hours each So immediately is saying that's not working too well. He said but there are other problems He said the truck is so much heavier that you'd have to rebuild every bridge in the country That doesn't sound too good right and then the third thing he said that the battery is so much bigger than a tank a big tank for the diesel for the gasoline but the diesel mostly It's so much bigger that most of our payload would be holding batteries In other words, we wouldn't have any room for the product. So let's say you hear those three minor details Typically You would end the conversation would say that doesn't work these people said we don't care We want you to go all electric. Can you believe these people? They're crazy They're crazy Now they're crazy and they want boats to do the same thing I was with in South Carolina One of the biggest boat manufacturers of you know smaller fishing boats From let's say 16 to 35 feet And he said we have a problem they keep pushing you know the beautiful outboard engines You have mercury and heaven ruled I guess they used to have I don't know they have it anymore But those big beautiful outboard engines they have they work great or just interior engines Run by a thing called gasoline So he said they want us to They want us to figure out how to go all electric and about right all electric I said well, what is the problem? He said we'd have to take the entire lower cap and where we have bedrooms and we'd have to make that into a battery But the bigger problem is sir it won't float because it's sir It won't flow It won't flow and I always tell the story with like well What would you do because you know my uncle was a great professor at MIT for 41 years I think he's the longest serving Dr. John Trump she knows He was very very smart We have a very smart family action But he was a great guy and I always saw I was very interested in this but the press kills me all the time They say he keeps talking about sharks and this I don't I tell an analogy If I'm in a boat it's all electric and it starts to sink I asked the guy do you get electrocuted sitting over this And then I say and I don't think there's anything wrong with this to you because it's an analogy I say and if there's a shark about 10 yards away right where they are right where all the congressmen are right over there Look at us. Well there sharks There's sharks If there's if there's a shark about 10 yards away Do I get electrocuted or do I go with the shark? I said because I will take electrocution all day long Despite the environmentalists to say how wonderful sharks are you ever hear these people We had three killings by a shark this weekend rip people apart and then you have the environment's going Well, they didn't mean to do it. They really They mistook them for seal. They didn't want to hurt the child No, I don't want that coming sense, right? I mean how about they catch a shark vicious that they've been after and they take them to a little deeper water and they put them back in I I wouldn't do that would anybody do that here? Let me ask you where this is Michigan these guys wouldn't do it But they always get on me they say why is he talking about electricity and sharks what are they? Well, they know exactly sort of a cute little story. Do I take electrocution or do I take death by a shark? And I'll always take electrocution, but isn't it ridiculous? Think of it. Is there ridiculous they want to make about that's far too heavy they can barely float And they're going to they're driving people out of business. They're destroying this country They're stupidly destroying this country the army tanks are the other one they want to make all electric We make the best tanks in the world. They want to have them So that as we go into a country to bomb the hell out of it We will do it in an environmentally friendly way And you know with an army tank Again the battery is very big very heavy and doesn't last long You know what it is it's an army tank and it's like you're pulling a wagon behind the army tank You're pulling a wagon like a child pulls a wagon and it's loaded up with a battery So we got to get back to common sense the aircraft too. They want to make our jet fighters a bio fuel Jet fighter that shows 18% less efficiency. That's the difference between Winning and losing a fight and you know what happens? I say I'm not doing it And we ended all of that stuff. They brought it back. We will end it on day one. We're not going to be doing that stuff In In four short years under my leadership. I did more for Michigan auto workers and manufacturers than any president and the history of our country And just as I promised I withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership which would have totally destroyed your auto industry I ended the disaster known as NAFTA. That was the worst trade deal ever made That was the worst trade deal considered by him that was so unfair to us with Mexico and Canada the worst trade deal ever made and replaced it with what they call The best trade deal ever made the USMCA Mexico and Canada and I know it's good because Mexico And Canada are right now as we speak working like hell to try and renegotiate the deal. Don't do it Biden Well, he doesn't know what's going on Don't do it He's watching us now. He'll say what's that trade deal they're talking about? Well, so they've been negotiating with us for about two years I never heard of that negotiation. Where is Mexico? Anyway, where is So See now the fake news will take the statement. I just say where where is Mexico and they'll put it on television Trump didn't know where Mexico is They do it's very dangerous The biggest threat I have to my administration is sarcasm because they play it against me When I show that he can't walk off he can never find the entrances off a stage like one here one there Two here You could jump off the front I guess And whenever I imitate him I call my wife. She's great. Our wife. She's great. Our great first lady and so And she looked great the other night She made that entrance She made that she made a lot of entrances. She's just something but she walked in but I told her the other night I said how good was I how good this was at a rally a couple of weeks ago How good was I? Well, you were really good, but not great. Why? Well, it showed that you didn't know how to get off the stage Well, I was imitating Biden So what they do is they show the imitation of Biden. They said Trump didn't know How to get off the stage. That's our fake news So we have to be very careful. So I haven't done it in about three weeks I'll do it again, but maybe not right now. It's too Darling you were great I mean, I get these grounds 50 60 70,000 in New Jersey. We had a well leading New Jersey by four points by the way We're leading Michigan by six points And And the reporters came out actually we're leading everywhere and nationally and that we have to keep it that way Gotta make sure they don't cheat Gotta make sure they don't cheat. I took on China like no administration in history Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars pouring into our treasury when no other president Had gotten ten cents. You know China never gave us ten cents. I got hundreds of billions of dollars from China And I got along very well with president. She's a great guy wrote me a beautiful note the other day when he heard about what happened And he wrote me a beautiful most of the leaders too. You know a lot of them didn't like what I was doing to them But they also knew it was about time the jig was up right it was about time But they wrote me almost all of them wrote me notes. It was nice now. I have a good relationship with all of them That's a good thing you know a lot of times the press would say you get along with Kim Jong-un North Korea. He's a lot of nuclear weapons. I got along with him great You were never in danger with me as your president. It's a good thing to get along not a bad thing I Used to tell him why don't you do something else all he wants to do is buy nuclear weapons and make him here I said just relax chill you got enough you got you got so much nuclear weapons so much It's just relax go to a nice Let's go to a baseball game. I'll show you what a baseball We'll go watch the Yankees or we'll come watch Michigan at its home opener Okay, how about that? Are you gonna have a good team this year? I think right? I heard good. I heard good, but who the hell knows right? Guy drops a pass at sea into that sea since they're risky business. I proudly imposed a 27.5 tariff at all Chinese auto imports to keep China and Chinese cars Keep them out of America You don't sell a lot of Chinese cars in here because of what and if you did it'd be fewer cars that you made We're gonna bring back the auto industry because of We're gonna bring it back. We're gonna have them if they want to come in and sell us cars They can but they have to build plants here and they have to hire our workers and that's fine and nobody can Say anything about it Under the radical democrat policies the US auto industries being decimated You know, we lost 64% of our industry over the years 64% we we did giant and now they made a lot of them made in Mexico Mexico has taken 35% of the auto industry And we did something very strong. We did something very strong with Mexico But you know when I was building the wall. I said you have to give us 28,000 soldiers And they left at me. I hate when people left at me. I hate it No, it's so disrespectful. They left at me. We won't do that. Why would we do that? It's because you have to we're building the wall people are flowing in through your country We want 28,000 soldiers to protect us while we're building the wall They said no, no, no, and then they said After I said look here's a story if you don't do it We're gonna charge you a 25% tariff on every car that you send into America And Then it's going to 50% next month then it's going to 75% And then it's going to 100% and then I'll stop And the gentleman representing the president the president's a great guy. He's no longer president But he's a great guy. He was a great guy. He still is But he said I'd like to discuss this with the president. I said five minutes. I got to go. I have something much more important And he came back. He said Mr. President We would love to give you soldiers to protect your wall free of charge of course free of chance. That's how I got those great numbers on that beautiful beautiful graph that we talk about They gave us everything I wanted. I got everything from Mexico and then this Stupid person low IQ. He's a low IQ individual. Take his IQ. I guarantee you it's at the level 50s or 60s And he's negotiating against Putin President chief China Macron of France very smart guy. I told him I be he was going to do something very bad to our country I said that's okay. You can do it, but I'm going to put a 100% tariff on oil wines and champions that come in from France He said no, no, no Donald you cannot do that. I said I'm doing it. Donald you cannot do that That's not fair. He was going to charge our companies 25 American companies 25% for doing nothing For being in France big deal right big deal So I said okay, that's all right. I'm charging you 100% tariff I gave it to all my people minutia and all smart guys. They came back. Sure they won't do it They won't budget. I said they'll budget. I called them up And I spoke to the president of France Emmanuel Macron is a nice guy. I said, but he's you know, he likes France. I like the USA does that makes sense? I said Emmanuel it's so nice to talk to you. I understand you're gonna charge our cut You're gonna charge our companies 25% Emmanuel Yes, yes, yes, Donald. It was approved by whoever to help approves the parliament Whatever the hell they have over there. They were going to approve it. It's been fully approved Yes, I'm so sorry. I said well, that's okay. You can add a proof, but here's the story Starting tomorrow morning at seven o'clock every bottle of wine and every bottle of champagne that shipped into the United States is gonna have a 100% tariff on it No, no, no, you cannot do that. That is not fair. I said not fair for you to charge your companies 25% He said you cannot do it. I said I'm signing the papers now. I will call you right back calls me back Donald we would be delighted Mr. President to take that tax off. We have decided to take it off. It'll be off my tonight sir It'll be off my ten. I know it was off and it was off You think Joe Biden does that He doesn't know what the hell he's doing Their policies are no good remember whether it's Biden or anybody else. They want open borders They want all the same stuff. So it's like you know, but but he's in particular. He's pretty bad I tell you can you imagine these killers these killers. He's a sharp. I get no the Prescott's angry They said is President she of China Is he a smart man? I said no, he's a brilliant man. He controls 1.4 billion people within iron fist He makes guys like Biden look like babies. They don't even know whether they're coming or going Yes, he's the next day headler. Trump calls him brilliant. How dare no no okay? Let's say he's not a smart man. Okay, whatever makes you happy no matter what you do No matter what you do. I say he's a brilliant man. They went crazy because I called them brilliant So I'm just gonna have to say he's okay. He's okay Now he's a very smart, but and you know what else he's a fierce person Do you understand that some of the people here know that what this means especially some of the women right? They know better than the men about fierce I know the women they know better than the men they're more fierce than the men Oh her But no, he's a fierce individual. He's a fierce man. Can you imagine when he meets this guy He thinks Trump is playing a joke on him He actually thinks there's some kind of a that I'm playing a joke. He doesn't believe what happened He doesn't believe the last election. He doesn't believe he thinks I'm playing a joke on him But can you imagine president she Putin all of them? They're all smart tough They love their country or they want to do well with their country whatever it is all ideology but We have to have somebody that can protect us and orban was right we have to have somebody that can protect us Right now we have really low IQ people in there we have and the president in particular he has about a 70 IQ and he's going against 210 And that it never works out it never works When I'm back in the White House We're listening here to former president Donald Trump speak at the first rally since his assassination of tabbed one week ago today We're going to step away for a quick commercial break stick with us here more to come on live now from Fox To sort of But he said so police so I've been really good in for the last four or five times Really been good, but you know you lose a little something But reciprocal trade it's basically means you screw us and will screw you It's very simple and I can't describe it and I don't think it's foul But he's probably right Defer the protect Michigan auto workers. I will end the Biden Harris Electric vehicle mandate on day one. It's going to end on day one And I will immediately terminate the green new scam and we're going to use that money to build roads and highways and bridges Under Biden and the radical left Democrats inflation is wiping out our middle class Groceries you're up 57 percent gasoline is up 69 percent mortgage rates have quadrupled they've gone up three four or five times And they never include that in their stats, you know, they never include those things they never include mortgage rates And you can't get the money anyway, so what really is the number and since Democrats took over Total household costs have increased by an average of $28,000 per family think of that Under my leadership we will throw out by dynamics and we will replace it very simply with Magnomics You know, I have to just interject if you would turn off those cameras because I don't want this See the screen up there of me. That's very severe that come over. That's just That's a severe sucker. What's with that one? It looks okay from the other side But that is very severe I apologize man I looked up there. I said whoa Look at that Wow, that's like a work of art Oh Only look at that one don't look that one looks To bring down the prices of all goods we will end the Biden Harris war and American energy and we will drill Baby drill. We're going to start that day one Under the Trump administration we had energy independence and soon we will have energy dominant We will be more dominant than any country by far and we were just four years ago We were we started off at number four we've got to number three and then we had a beat Russia We beat them then we had a beat Saudi Arabia we beat them and we were like a rocket ship and then we had this idiotic result But we will be and again we have more you know and war in Alaska It's probably the biggest find anywhere in the world the size of Saudi Arabia some people say who knows what it is But it's it's massive Ronald Reagan tried to get it couldn't get it and that was easier in those days environmentally They stop it with the environment, you know the environment is very important to me and environmental is very important But you know you can't use it to destroy a country and they stopped it They stopped it for years based on the environment. I got it approved. It was totally done This is after since Ronald Reagan who works so hard to get an war he want to be able to drill in Alaska Think of it as the size of Saudi Arabia approximately bigger than Texas bigger than everything We want to have something that nobody else even comes close to and on the first week in office his Department of the interior person who is just put in Department of interior She signed she outlawed it. She said we're not going to use it stopped all work They were ready to start drilling it took them a while to get ready They're ready to start drilling the money would have been incredible the prices were very high With the only country that stops drilling when the prices are at an all-time high And we stopped drilling but we'll get that back and I'll get it back very fast But and where are they cut it? I believe it And I will cut taxes even further than we did before and that includes no tax on tips right No tax on tips All that government does is harass everybody over it anyway It's like a big harassment operation. They hired 88,000 IRS people to go harass Everybody So if you work in a restaurant if you drive a cab or if you do anything having to do with tips I hope you're going to remember you know bartenders. Let's see hospitality workers a caddy A barber barbers get tips. I don't get mine a big tip because I don't think they do a very good job If you're a mover a driver or anyone else who relies on tips the money is going to be 100% yours You better go vote if that doesn't get you out If that doesn't get you off your ass to go out and vote for Trump nothing will Gotta do right gotta do And as we rescue our economy I will also restore the sacred and sovereign borders of a place called the United States of America The United States of America With Democrats and charge the greatest invasion and history is taking place right now This is an invasion of our country. You know you remember during the time I was trying to get the wall and I was getting all sorts of assurances And they you couldn't you couldn't get it from Congress. It was incredible So I did get a lot of money for the military So I put an extra 10 billion I put a little fund and extra 10 billion I then called it an invasion of our country and I took it out of the military and I got it built And now we're going to build it larger we have to close up the areas that weren't built We have certain areas where we needed to have them open for a little while for getting all of our stuff back I don't like leaving brand new bulldozers and everything on the other side of the border right we want to close it up But we had certain areas we had it close up And when they took over they said we're not going to close it. I said these guys actually do I thought they were kidding I thought they would not be serious. They want to who would want an open border Who would want an open border where people come in from prisons and jails and mental incitation Either people that don't love our country Stupid people they're not stupid because anybody that can cheat that well in an election is not stupid or Maybe a new thing is emerging where they want to get people to vote illegally and they don't care they have no shame and we're watching that our chairman is here the Republican chairman is here the whole thing See the whole the big bosses here in Michigan. So you're going to remember that But we're we're working on that but they do they're trying to sign people up who just came in who have no idea where they are what they're doing They came in and in many cases they have very rough people But they came and they're trying to sign them up to vote This is what they'll do because think of it If they have open borders if they have men playing in women sports If they have a raisin you know they're going to raise your taxes by four four times four times Think of it what you're paying now you're going to pay four times more With policy like this nobody can't get elected the only way you can get elected is to cheat and they are Really good at it. That's the only thing they're good at that's the only thing they focus on they have no good policies They don't do anything well But they're using these people and they're trying to sign up the people and we've caught them and we sue and we do all the things that you have to do But they have no shame whatsoever So that's really one of the big reasons I think they're allowing it because they're not they're not stupid enough to allow prisoners And people from mental institutions people from insane asylum and it drives them crazy Hannibal Lecter The late great Hannibal Lecter would like to have you for dinner He wants you for dinner. That's the end of you by the way But no these people are being dumped into our country and nothing and nothing good is going to happen from it That's why we have to do a big deportation and get them the hell out. Okay? Meanwhile our crime rate is going up while crime statistics all over the world are plunging We have become a dumping ground for the world which is laughing at us They can't believe how stupid we are how stupid stupid stupid we are with destroying our country They can't believe what they're getting away with but they're getting away with it At levels that they never thought possible and Venezuela crime is down 72 percent You know caracas then as well. It was a very very dangerous place And now Because of the great job they've done in removing their criminals into the United States Next year we're going to have our Michigan rally in caracas Venezuela because it's nice and safe Okay, does that sound like a good idea to you? Because we want safety Now the press is going to write that they're going to say Donald Trump proposed next year's Michigan rally in caracas Venezuela They'll say isn't that horrible isn't that unpatriotic you understand this is what I have to go with I'm only kidding press I'm only kidding Although maybe it's not a bad idea So El Salvador is an interesting one because I know the president. He's a young guy young guy And he's been getting this great press this great press that his crime rates way down And they're training their criminals. Well, you don't drink criminals. Okay, you know, maybe every once in a while you get lucky But you know So in El Salvador murders a down 70 percent. He's saying yes, we're teaching He's different most of them just say what the United States is stupid so we're dumping all our criminals He does it differently smart He goes well working with our people That are causing problems in crime and he's not working with him. He's dumping them in the United States And their crime rate their murder rate is down 72% 73% and going up and I don't blame them because I was running one of those countries and we're not just talking in South America But if I were running one of those countries I would have been doing it much more. They're also emptying their jails the big thing is their jails Those jails were packed now all of a sudden it's like oh Isn't this wonderful they're doing such a wonderful job They're dumping their criminals into the United States of America And we're not going to take it anymore Stupid people You're not going to teach a criminal not to be a criminal not gonna happen And you don't have the time you don't have the energy because you have to do other things That is why as soon as I take the oath of office we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country Even larger than that of President Dwight De Eisenhower Many years ago. He was a big deportation person Under the radical left Democrats Michigan communities are being overrun with migrant crime. You know that better than anybody right does everybody agree? It's being unbelievable in Oakland County criminal squads of illegal alien gang members Are hiding in the trees and breaking into Michigan homes after dark Looting them for jewelry persons You know taken the women's purses right out of their bedrooms electronics cash is stealing their robbing the houses earlier this year in Kent County does anybody live in Kent County here? Sounds good to me, but you're not gonna like this A sadistic illegal alien of which there are many criminals With sentence for executing a 22-year-old grand rapids woman While she was in her car with her one-year-old baby shooting her at least five times with a rifle at point blank range While the killer was wanted on an outstanding warrant for attempted strangulation of another woman When I return to the White House We will stop the plunder rapes slaughter a destruction of our American sub-urbs cities and We will shut down deadly sanctuary cities. We're not gonna have them anymore And we will shift Massive portions of federal law enforcement to immigration enforcement. We're gonna get the bad ones out We're gonna get them out immediately It's not gonna take long. We're gonna rely on law enforcement and we're gonna give law enforcement back their dignity and respect and power so they're allowed to protect you It's no wonder Joe Biden and his thugs are so desperate to stop us They know that we are the only ones who can stop them with the only ones, you know we talk about Biden like he's a feeble old guy and he is he is But it's the people that surround him. I mean he's perfect for them This is the the fascists and communists and some bad people surround him I know just about all of them. I can tell you about all of them Did you hear about our big victory in Florida last week? Did you hear we won the big case? We're gonna take down Trump We're gonna take down Trump now when you have a great court system when you have Honorable judges people that really love the country a good things can happen But we won that case that it's entirely that was the one that's gonna take him down They've been saying that for what eight years now, right? And here we are leading in every poem. We got to get it close You got it close. You got it close. We don't want to talk too much I always say if we win if we win because I don't like to win we win Because they cheat like hell so if we would but we got to get it close with close Four months, but you know what four months is in this racket like an eternity Four months is like an eternity, but we're leading by a lot not just by a little We're leading every state every important swing state by a lot and we're leading nationally by a lot But we got to get it closed You The radical left Democrats rigged the presidential election in 2020 and we're not going to allow them to rig the president of the election in 2024 we're not going to allow it We Every time the radical left Democrats Marxists communist and fascists indict me I consider it a great badge of honor. You know, I've been indicted more than the legendary Alphonse Capone's car face He was a tough man. See that guy right there ultra-maggy your ultra-maggy. He's tough as hell But if Alphonse didn't like you you would be in the foundation of a building rising some place and Your great state, right? He was not he was a tough cookie this guy I got indicted more than Alphonse Capone think of it my parents are looking down I had wonderful parents. They never saw this for me. They never saw let's see. I'm voting for oh, I don't want to even read that one Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate But I'm being indicted for you. Don't worry about these these fake indictments. These aren't indictments. These are Biden indictments. These are A sick weak pathetic man who can't run an election So he indicts his opponent thinking that's going to win and in many cases it would you know third world countries do this a lot Banana Republics do it a lot. We've never done it and We're going to teach him why they can never do it again because it's actually Hard to believe it's actually driven our poll numbers way up And then we had the debate did anybody watch the debate Paul Paul Who won the debate Biden Or Trump Paul free Paul I just saved 300,000 dollars In this something these pulses they go. Oh, I have Tony for Brazil and Red Lockland back. I got to be careful But I just saved 300,000 doing that Paul they interview like 97 people have been interviewed And Trump is leading by a little smidge and I got 25,000 people here or something they got so many people outside I wish we could include them. I'd love to get them in would anybody like to leave now and let the other people come That's not nice Never forget our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you and in the end Then I'd have to me there after you I just happen to be standing in their way and I always will right? I always will fellas So We have some exciting news today Because we're pleased to be joined by Many outstanding Michigan Patriots here. I know every one of them including your next U.S. Senator from Michigan Mike Rogers And Mike is just as adamant as me he'll vote to stop the invasion and inflation Hold the outsourcing of Michigan jobs and bring back the auto industry You are going to double or triple your auto industry within the next three years under Trump market down market down Because we're not taking their cars. We want them to build the cars here using new people to build them Also with us is another good man who is running from Michigan Senate seat Sandy Pensler, do you know Sandy? So I have a big announcement to make that and Sandy has just announced that He would like to do something very important tonight So you have Mike who's a total pro Sandy who's a total pro. I'd like to ask both of them to Come on up and I'd like to have Sandy make a statement first. Thank you. Come on up fellas Thank you Thank you Mr. President I was so inspired when President Trump Kissed the empty uniform of Cory Coptore I I'd flash back immediately to a couple days after 9-11 At the local firehouse where I hugged the lone remaining survivor And looked out at 12 empty uniforms Thank you for honoring all of them as well My campaign Was always about making America better The best way to do that Is to enact President Trump's policies Let's go Trump let's go Trump To do that We need control Of the Senate A divisive continued primary effort Hurts the chances of that and that's not okay So tonight I'm doing the right thing and ceasing my Senate candidacy No, no, it's not at all. It's the right thing President Trump Enduresed mic Rogers Tonight so am I Mike's gonna make a heck of a senator So I want you guys to look around the room tonight Because everything goes through Michigan The presidency the Senate the House and the State House Look around make a pledge to each other We're gonna fight fight fight like hell to save America An electoral Trump mic Rogers and the rest of the ticket on the Republican Party. Thank you Thank you Sandy. I am honored to have you stand with us in all Republicans to win the state of Michigan Thank you for your courage. Thank you for your leadership. You're gonna be an important voice going forward in our party in Michigan And Mr. President I want to say this as a former law enforcement guy It wasn't that the bullet took you to the ground It was the fact that you got back up for America You I have spent my career working to protect America as an army officer As an FBI agent working organized crime in Chicago as the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee I have never seen a more unsafe America because of the Democrats over the last four years Here's the good news Mr. President You will have a partner in the United States Senate That will bring manufacturing back to Michigan. We are the Arsenal of democracy. We will be again in this great state And I'll pledge to you I will get Department of Justice Re-oriented to actually going after criminals We are going to dismantle fentanyl distribution from here to the steps of China And we're going to tell China you sell in the United States. You'll have a price to pay Mr. President, I'll guarantee you this as well With your leadership Winning the state of Michigan Winning for the United States Putting America back in Washington DC versus Washington DC in the rest of America We will make America respected again. We will bring back law and order again We will make America safe again. Let's flip the Senate. Let's elect Donald Day Trump and my progars to the Senate and let's get busy We're unifying the party and I was beautiful to watch. Thank you Sandy and Mike And Mike good luck You're running against somebody that's such a bad Senator You don't even I was there for four years plus I don't even remember meeting that particular person This is not a senator for Michigan Micro Arches is going to be a great senator. He's got gravitas. He Really knows this way highly respected in Washington And I think I mean it should be an easy race. Nothing's easy, but it should be an easy race. So good luck Good luck and thank you very much, Sandy We're also joined by members of Congress and the great people friends of mine warriors jack Bergman jack Thank you jack great job A Real friend of mine somebody I was very much in favor of right at the beginning John James Thank you John A warrior somebody who helped me It was on a different things he gets things done bill hyzing Thank you bill Thank you very much And another one they're all these are all great people Tim Walberg thank you for everything you've done Tim you've been unbelievable always there for me right always there And a man from a slightly different location a little bit then you're not going to get there with an electric car But unless you want to stop a few times, but Comes from a state known as Florida great place and he's so respected He's such an incredible man Brian mass Thank you Thank you, Brian. Thank you Brian. What a guy he is He's a warrior. He's a real warrior. Thank you, Brian Michigan House Republican leader Matt Hall Thank you, Matt. Good job. You're doing Matt. Are we gonna win Matt? Will you please make sure We need these local ones, right? That's right Michigan Senate Republican leader Eric Nesbitt. Thank you Eric. Great. Thank you Good job A congressional candidate who I hear is doing very well Tom Barrett Tom get in there and win Good A friend of mine who was really brave Rannick tell for a sit Amazing actually really did well Her father was a very special guy who's in the still industry and he passed away A battle with cancer long time battle, but he was fantastic And I got to know him both very well. She's a terrific woman Tudor Dixon Thank you Tudor Ambassador Joe Sella Thank you, Joe. Good job. You're doing Joe Very important person in this room Michigan GOP chairman Where are you? Okay Pete Hokstra. Oh there he is I fought like hell for him to take that job right Pete. I said Pete you got to do it Now it's such a how are we doing? How are we doing? Huh? We're doing good. If you're in charge he's gonna when he was a congressman A really good one respectedly left I made him ambassador. He was a great ambassador and uh I then said Pete you got to do it. He lives here. I said you got to do it And we appreciate you doing it both of you. Thank you very much. We appreciate it very much R&C chairman he put on that show with a person named Laura Trump How good is she? How good is she? She's unbelievable. She made a great speech And her husband made a very good speech yet the night didn't Eric and Don I don't want to talk about anyone else only my kids yet But they all did well. Everybody did well honestly. I do think the I do think whole coke and I thought he was incredible I hadn't seen him in a while And I'll tell you what I'm not gonna mess with him right we're not gonna mess with a hawks But he was fantastic the other night All of them every single one my granddaughter did very well look at she's scry what about who said that who said my granddaughter Wow Kai Kai is great great golfer. She's a great golfer But we have another man who's very important and the R&C chairman Michael Wattley who's been incredible wherever Michael Thank you my great job I said Michael you have one job We got so many votes. We don't know what to do with him. You get a guard to vote When those votes get put in they can't be missing They can't throw them out. They can't stuff ballot boxes. They can't cheat Make sure and you know he headed up North Carolina and on that night Oh, I'll go that certain election night that miserable where we thought it was one at 10 o'clock in the evening And then all of a sudden additional votes have been reported in various places. We don't have to get into it North Carolina held totally steady He had 603 lawyers working other people didn't have lawyers working and Bad things happen, but this guy held and I said that's the guy I want to run the party And Michael I know you're doing a great job and you're gonna do something very special. We don't need votes. We need to guard the vote You ever hear the expression too big to rig The more we get in there the hotter it is for them My daughter and her husband Tiffany and Michael where are you Tiffany and Michael you're around here someplace too great people Fairly recently. Thank you to great people and Michael's father's here to that highly respected guy Great businessman and a highly respected guy From the moment we take back the White House from Crooked Joe Biden and Kamala I call her laughing Kamala You ever watch her laugh she's crazy You know you can tell a lot by a laugh. No, she's crazy. She's nuts She's not as crazy as Nancy Pelosi crazy dancer Did you see Nancy Pelosi is selling out Biden now? Did you see She turned on him like a dog Well, I don't know if he should continue all of a sudden. Where did that come from She was a hundred percent all of a sudden. She's not sure not sure means he's gone But no, she's crazy is a bed bug. She's a crazy person I believe we're going to have the four greatest years of the history of our country. I believe you And I believe that Michigan is going to have the greatest of all of any of the states because I'm going to bring back your auto industry. I'm not going to take this You know in Mexico they're building among the largest plants for auto manufacturing anywhere in the world in Mexico near the border They think that they're going to make cars and sell them into the United States and lose all our jobs It's not happening and you know who owns those plants China China owns them And we're not letting it happen. We'll put 200 percent tariffs on 400. I don't care what would Whoever is building your plants we're not allowing any of those cars to come into the United States Okay, we'll tell you that the Mexico right You want to build those plants? A friend of mine who builds plants. That's all he can do. He's a great guy But his strength is plants if you say walk across the street. He's not that good at it But to build the plant he has no problem. He builds a great auto plants I said I'd like to see one take me he goes well, I have to go to Mexico. I said what about the United States? No, not so much He goes There actually some of the biggest in the world being built right now in Mexico. I said this happened over the last couple of years with this With this stupid president that we have stupid. He's a stupid person And I can say it because you know once you weaponize justice You know, I would never talk about a president like that once you weaponize justice against me I said oh wow, that's really incredible. That's never been done before I can do it and I'm not going to mount But sometimes you have crooked judges We have some real crooked judges to that's the only way the only way I could lose is crooked judges But we'll get it overturned anything that happens But once you weaponized I wouldn't talk that way in fact before this happened before he did this I've treated him not nicely, but I treated him I treated him with far more respect than I do right now It's one of those things But we can't let these companies come in and steal our wealth steal our jobs Destroy our companies and end up building it 10 miles across the border and think we're going to allow them to get away with it We're not they have to build it over here and have to use our people so it's going to happen and Michigan Will benefit more than any state in the union because they stole your auto industry And we're going to bring it back and it's going to be at a level that it was in its height Okay, you hear that John James you hear that You're gonna put John James in charge And the amazing thing it's not even hard to do It's not even hard. It's so crazy You know if you want to build something in China They want to you're building it here and you send it over there. We don't want it Don't charge you like 250% there if we don't want it then you get it in right Build your plant over here. So these companies they go over the Harley-Davidson did it in India They couldn't sell that a 200% tariff on motor bikes. I had them in the office in the White House the oval office and the head of Harley-Davidson I was disappointed and then actually That we were talking about it. I was telling them the problems and I was going to help them out But I said how you're doing in India? No good. Why we have a 200% tariff In other words if we sell a bike they have like this massive tariff And I said well if you have a 200% tariff that means yeah, that means you're not gonna be able to sell any But they invited them over to build a plant and Harley-Davidson went and I guess they're building the plant or built it or something But that's what they do. I don't blame India. I blame us for allowing it to happen It's not gonna happen anymore. I had it stopped and then we had the COVID fight We had a fight COVID we did a great job. We never got the credit We got credit from military. We got credit for everything. I defeated ISIS We did unbelievable things Unbelievable. We got the biggest tax cut in history the biggest regulation cuts in history You know when I go to the companies the big companies Highly sophisticated. I said so I got you the biggest tax cuts in history and that was good for jobs And I got you the biggest regulation cuts in history and that was good for jobs If you could only have one would you take the regulation cuts with the tax cuts Every single person and I must have asked a question 200 times over the years Said the regulation cuts were more important than the tax cuts. Can you believe it? You wouldn't think that But we got you the biggest regulation cuts in history Before I even arrived at the Oval Office shortly after we win the presidency We we win we're gonna all win it together I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled And I will be the only one that can make this statement I will prevent world war three from happening you're very close to world war three If I was president the Afghanistan disaster which probably caused Putin to go in by the way He wouldn't have gone in with me. He would have never gone in with me And he didn't and by the way he didn't But the Afghanistan disaster not the fact we're getting out. I was getting out after 21 years you get the hell out But I would have kept boggroom. It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons We gave it to them so stupidly. It's one of the biggest airfields in the world We built it many years ago for billions of dollars We were gonna keep that we're gonna man it to keep it Think of it one hour away You know has it now China has it now how stupid are we Should have kept that and you know the lift the lift should have been done At boggroom not their little local airport where they had riots all over the place and then the bombs started going killing 13 of our great people Obliterating I heard the number this morning 47 But that's maybe the right number because we're looking at 47 you know that right obliterated 47 great young Americans their legs gone their arms gone their face just wiped out And and hundreds of people besides hundreds of people the worst catastrophe the worst most embarrassing disaster I think ever that happened ever in this country and because of that I think Putin looked at that the incompetence the stupidness of mille and these guys that don't know What the hell they're doing and he looked at it and he said Disagree time to go into Ukraine But he would have never done it with me if I was president The Afghan disaster would have never happened Ukraine would have never happened in October October 7th the attack on Israel would have never happened remember Iran was broke Iran had no money. They were broke now. They have 250 billion dollars But we'll get along with Iran We'll get along with whoever we have to get along with but it would have never happened All of the things and you know what wouldn't have happened inflation wouldn't have happened because I had energy low inflation was caused by energy going up twice I will restore a thin gold piece through strength. That's what we have We're listening here to former president Donald Trump he's speaking at a rally It's been one week since his assassination attempt We do have to step away for one more commercial break this hour Stick with us. We're back out in Graham Rapids, Michigan next He's going to raise social security No falls he's gonna raise it because he's stupid. That's why he's gonna raise it Don't believe it. They have this line This line where it goes one after the other after the other but one thing it's very simple They're gonna raise your taxes four times and that's there because they don't want to renew the tax the tax cuts that I gave It's approximately a four times increase and they don't want to renew them But you can't believe these people when they get up Biden and I watched Camilla the other day brilliantly put on Fox. I don't know why Fox does it please Fox. Will you please get smart? Please get smart And she's renting her he is going to destroy South-Susaka. He's gonna destroy medical He's gonna destroy this I mean just made up to just it's just sound bites it's just information That's the other thing they're good at they say anything they want to say I am going to protect your social security. We're not gonna be raising the number of years We're not gonna raise it by one day let alone one year or five years or ten years like some stupid people wanted to We're gonna grow our country. It's gonna be growth And it's gonna be using the assets and resources that we have much of it right under the ground We're going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope safety and beauty better than they have ever been before We're gonna have to work with the Democrat governors and mayors on that but our cities are Just horribly run and then we have our capital our beautiful capital in Washington DC We're gonna take it over we're gonna clean it up. We're gonna renovate it. We're gonna rebuild it We're gonna make our capital the most beautiful anywhere in the world We're gonna get rid of the nightmare of murder and crime And it will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world once again But far more beautiful than it was before and when you want to go from Michigan to see the Washington monument Yes, we're keeping the name Washington. We're not changing the name Or the Jefferson Memorial where there's a big move to change the name. We're not changing the name Remember when they were knocking down statues and I was president and I found an old bill And I reenacted the old bill anybody touching knocking down or even trying to harm any of our great statues or monuments Goes to jail for a 10-year period With no commutation and no shortening of the second And it was a beautiful site as we watched everybody leave town. They left town so quickly They left town we said bye everybody Now we have to meet we have to meet people that have evil intentions They wanted to knock down the Jefferson if I didn't get the military out to save the Jefferson Memorial They would have done a job But I found this old law that today were almost incapable of producing things like that 10 years And there's nothing like good behavior and you get out in two days It's 10 years in jail if you touch your monuments if you even try to knock them down I had a news conference. I signed it and everybody left town. It was a beautiful thing to do We're not doing it. We won't be changing the name of Jefferson, Washington, Lincoln Like they did our forts. I get out of office. They did our forts, right? We won two world wars of those forts And now they have different names many of them Fort Bragg and the people That live next to Fort Bragg are not happy. They're not happy. They change the name We won two world wars out of Fort Bragg and then they decide to change the name because I think it's politically correct On day one I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory trends Gender and Saturday and any other inappropriate racial sexual or political content onto the shoulders of our children And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mass mandate And I will keep men Immediately day one out of women's sports And I will fully uphold our very important but under siege second amendment as I did for four years And I got the full endorsement from The NRA you saw that they gave us their full Strongest endorsement now for four years. I protected and it was not that easy to do We will protect innocent life and we will restore free speech And I will secure our elections Our goal will be one day voting with paper ballots proof of citizenship and voter IDs very simple But until then Republicans must win we have to win win win win win We want a landslide that is too big to rig. I said it before. I'll say it 100 Did 200 300 times before that very spectacular date, but you know remember November 5th is not really the date. It starts in early September, North Carolina and some others Because now we have these ridiculous laws where you can vote Before the election after the we got to have one day voting one day voting What happened to those ballots that were over their last we are sure we moved them around a little bit. Oh really I mean think of it you vote two months early nobody knows what the hell's going on We're all the ballots that happen. Why are they using a shovel? They're shoveling off the ever see what goes on Take a look at what happened in Georgia. They're shoveling ballots into wheelbarrows moving them around If you took the 10 worst presidents In the history of the United States and added them up they would not have done near the destruction to our country is Joe Biden and his Horrible Biden administration have done they're destroying our country they are destroying our country And you know we get up and we have levity we have laughter, but honest. There's really nothing funny about it They got millions and millions of people many of whom are criminals and terrorists flowing through and people from mental institutions flowing through into our country totally unchecked And they move many of them into hotels some of them are luxury hotels hotel owners and make it a fortune that destroying the hotel on a certain way But they make it a fortune and our military is living on the street With nothing and yet they're putting these people into luxury hotels So if you want to save America Get your friends get your family get everyone you know and vote you got to vote early vote absentee I don't care how you vote You know they also sure we have to vote early well you know lots of your vote early that's gone You got to get get a vote and you got to follow your vote make sure it doesn't get canceled that you can do it Vote on election day. I don't care how you vote You've got to vote vote early if you want everyone say vote early. I don't look You got to vote and you got to get out and vote you got to protect your vote That's what Michael's doing. He did it better than anybody else in the country of North Carolina That stayed right here when Georgia went down when Pennsylvania went down It stayed right there all of a sudden in certain states they found all these votes A totally rigged election. We're never gonna let it happen again because this time if it happens We're not gonna have a country. We won't have even Assemblance of a country love And if you want to help us ensure election integrity sign up It's called protect the vote dot com protect the vote dot com sign up And that's on election integrity you got to watch and watch very carefully so in conclusion From Marquette to Midland From Lansing to Flint and from Detroit to right here in Grand Rapids. I love we had great victories in Grand Rapids Remember when we won the state of Michigan Now we did much better the second time, but I won't mention that But remember and I was at Grand Rapids that we came in and we had a crowd like nobody ever saw Late in the evening. I remember that you were there And we had a crowd like nobody's ever seen before I said why would we lose Michigan? And we ended up winning Michigan. I was right actually Bill Clinton Told Hillary that he was in Michigan. You're gonna lose. You know, he's a good politician You had a natural instinct. He said you're gonna lose Michigan. You're gonna lose Wisconsin They said oh why are we listening to this man tell us this And he was right Wisconsin and Michigan. I said why are we gonna lose? We had 49,000 people show up. She had like 300 people show up. I said why are we gonna lose? And we won we won Michigan and then we did much better the second time But bad things happen when I could let that happen anymore. We stand on The shoulders of the brave Michigan patriots and tough Michigan workers Who man the first assembly lines you remember that? Does anybody remember that? It's a long time ago Anybody remembers that they're extremely old Is there anybody that wants to admit? They revolutionized industries and turned this state into a manufacturing powerhouse Like no other and we're gonna bring it back and we're gonna bring it back I'm not talking about lots of other industries. I'm talking about the auto industry because it's such a big industry I can say we're gonna bring back cement. We're gonna bring back all sorts. I'm just talking very simple It's so simple. It's gonna happen so fast You're gonna be at a level as though you were From 30 40 years ago you're gonna manufacture cars again at a level that you haven't seen in many many decades You probably have to get rid of this fool the stupid idiot representing the United auto workers Because he sells the auto you know, I'm much more popular than anybody with the auto workers We're gonna get 95% of their vote, but they have a guy that I mean he he pushes the electric mandate and they're gonna be made in China They got to get rid of that guy's bad news Your Michigan ancestors gave us Motown the Mustang and The might of the American Midwest and it really is a might they forged the steel laid the railroads Till the fields sport the battles and won the victories that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation and a history of the world That's true was the most powerful But now We are a nation in decline and it's a very serious decline We are a failing nation. We are a nation run by fools and stupid people We're a nation that has lost its confidence. It's willpower and its strength We're a nation that has lost its way But we are not going to allow this horror to continue. We're not gonna let it happen Less than four years ago we were a great nation and we will soon be a great nation again With the right leadership every disaster crooked Joe Biden is created can be fixed and very very quickly Every problem can be solved and every wrong can be rectified by this time next year America's borders will be strong sealed and secure very easily Get ready Tom Homan inflation will be in full retreat our economy will be roaring back optimism will be surging You will have your confidence back. We don't have any confidence That's like an athlete that can't sink the shot can't hit the ball lost has come we're gonna have you hit in the ball again We're gonna have you playing at the top of your game the American dream We'll be thriving again for citizens of every race religion color and creed Law and justice will reign all throughout our land freedom will be restored the flame of liberty will be burning bright Crooked Joe Biden the worst president of the history of our country will be a fading memory of the past And our great silent majority including the once forgotten men and women of our country will be the one shaping America's magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States of America Because we are all Americans and together we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of America it will be the most important day And when we turn it our country is going to be great again And if we don't turn it our country is finished you know it and I know it and everybody knows it We are one movement one people one family and one glorious nation under God And together we will make America powerful again We will make America wealthy again We will make America strong again We will make America proud again We will make America safe again And we will make America great again Thank you very much. Thank you Michigan. Thank you very very much. Thank you All right, you just saw former president Donald Trump holding this rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan exactly a week to the day when that attempted assassination occurred Over at a rally in Butler, Pennsylvania he was there Speaking at two thousands of his supporters and you can see the bandage on his ear from where he was shot just a week ago That investigation is still ongoing remember that this Monday we do expect the highest ranking secret service members to testify