# WATCH LIVE: Trump appears at campaign rally in Tucson, Arizona, first since debate with Harris
# Channel: PBS NewsHour
# Upload Date: 2024-09-12
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5lQkUWhkqA
# Language: en (whisper)
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 77.0%
# Whisper Model: base
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 11:20:46

================================================================================

I will give that fight to me and I'll have you stand up next to you And the members still today Because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the USA From the legs of the soul To the hills of Tennessee Across the plains of Texas I'm seen a shining sea And Detroit down to Houston And New York to their name Where there's pride in every American heart And it's time we stand and say That I'm bowed to me and American Where at least I know I'm free And I won't forget the men who died Who gave that fight to me and I got this stand up Next to you and the members still today Because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the USA And I bowed to me and American Where at least I know I'm free And I won't forget the men who died Who gave that fight to me and I got this stand up Next to you and the members still today Because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the USA God bless the USA God bless the USA This is a very ram-bunctious crowd This is a ram-bunctious crowd Well hello to the sun, it's great to be with you I love this place we've been very successful here as you know I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of Arizona With thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots That's why this is a nice group I like it We've got all those people Wow As everyone saw two nights ago We had a monumental victory over Kamala Harris in the presidential group We won big with independent voters, moderates, Republicans, and working people all across this nation Putting forward a clear vision to very simply make America great again Meanwhile, Kamala Harris showed up spewing empty rhetoric The same old lies, meaningless platitudes Offering no plans, no policies, and no details whatsoever, nothing The two anchors David Muir and Lindsey Davis sat there And only corrected me in things where I was right But didn't correct Kamala on project 25 that I knew nothing about On the blood bath hoax that has been totally debunked Which had to do with the automobile industry that is going to be dying It's dying under this administration They're all going to be shipped out to China And everybody in the automobile industry making manufacturing automobiles Vote for Trump, we're going to bring back that industry And the people are killing it She talked about knowing it was all false She talked about the Charlottesville hoax and these people did nothing about it Which has been totally debunked as they say by snops and snoops and everybody else Go look it up, go to snoops, whatever the hell that is Now I hear that's a liberal site and they came out totally in favor of me This got to be a bad thing but they said they gave you a total of phone users Kamala Harris said that no state allows abortion in the ninth month Which is a complete and total lie they do They do And even after birth in some cases she claimed I want a monitor women's pregnancy I don't want to do that It's a total I don't want to do that women I won't be following you around to the hospital monitoring No she made it up She's a liar, she doesn't work at McDonald's, she said she worked at McDonald's right? Right? She worked at McDonald's and she was working so hard There's only one problem, she didn't work at McDonald's She's a liar She claimed that I want to deny people IVF treatment when in fact I want to require insurance companies to pay for it And I came out totally in favor of IVF that's fertilization for the men in the audience I wish we got a lot of tough ones here She claimed she doesn't want to ban fracking when she said repeatedly over a 10-year period I will not have fracking then about a little while ago she goes I'd love to have fracking Her poster came back and said this is not good In Pennsylvania you want to ban fracking that's not so good That's a big part of what they do right? And she came back, she came back all of a sudden she thought fracking was wonderful Here's what happens with all of these things right after the election, she goes back to where she was She claimed she doesn't support mass gun confiscation When in fact she supported it entirely and through her entire career, think of that she wants to confiscate your guns Does anybody in the audience have a gun raise your hand? Would you mind if this lunatic knocked on your door? Hello, I'd like to take away your gun Is that alright? Especially the women would allow it, they're not good enough That's unbelievable What is that about 100% of the audience? Let's go, does anybody in the audience not have a gun? Wait, there's somebody So if you want to keep your gun, we don't have to go through the rest of it You want to keep your gun vote for Trump? I promise But you know she did something even worse than that, you know what it is? She was the leader of a thing called the movement defund the police, how about that? She was the leader of the moment to defund the police, now think of it Anybody that wants to defund the police, that's called she's down and dirty left That's down and dirty, if she's in there for a week at defund the police, we don't want her to be president, we don't want her for anything, frankly But all of a sudden, she said no, I never said it She actually goes around saying she never said it But we've got like 10 years of tapes, what she's saying, with the guns, with the fracking, with everything we mentioned She had many years of tapes, but the public was not full, they saw right through it, Kamala's lies and unprecedented partisan interference of two low-life anchors and low-lives For them to do what they did, and they wouldn't correct her on like project 25, I don't know what the hell it is I purposely have not read it, I could, but I don't want to, because they never had my authorization And for them to allow her to get away with me, everything I said, well we don't think it's true like the crime statistics The FBI didn't report the most crime-ridden cities, they didn't do it They left out large numbers of areas where they had a lot of crime So the numbers came in, they weren't up too much And if anybody in this audience doesn't think there's more crime now, there's so much more crime now But they gave false and fraudulent numbers, they did it with something else, 818,000 jobs Think of it, they said they had 818,000 jobs that didn't exist So your jobs numbers look better, but now they had to do what happened is they were taken away by a leaker Usually I don't like leakers, but I like this particular leaker, whoever it was But when a prize fighter loses a fight, you've seen a lot of fights, right? The first words out of that fighter's mouth is, I want to rematch And that's what she said, I want to rematch Polls slowly show that I won the debate against Comrade Kamala House And as you probably know, because you know when you say Harris, does anybody know who Harris is? Now, Kamala is a very different kind of a word, nice name, very nice name But you know her as, you know, you know, you know, you're a Harris when you say Harris, everyone says who the hell is that? But she immediately called for a second debate, which means that she was like a prize fighter that lost a fight We had two debates though, I had a debate with Crook-Ajo Biden, right? And I had another debate with her, she and Crook-Ajo have destroyed our country with millions of criminals and mentally deranged people And they're pouring into the USA, totally unchecked, unvedited, and with inflation, bankrupting our middle class, it has gotten bad Everyone knows this, and all of the other problems caused by Kamala and Joe, it was discussed in great detail during the first debate with Joe and the second debate with Comrade Harris She was a no-show at the Fox debate, you know, Fox Invite her, she was a no-show, I sat with the great Sean Hannity, does anybody know Sean Hannity? Good man, he's that good man, and I said, where is she? She didn't show, so we did a town hall, and he got great ratings on that town hall, I'll tell you right now It was a really great lead, all of television for the week, it's that bad, right? Simple town hall, turned out to be a town hall from what it was supposed to be, but she didn't show up And refused also to do NBC and CBS, she went over to ABC, which in my opinion has taken a big hit because these two people were bad news They kept screaming at me, I said, why are you screaming? I'm saying for myself, I'm looking at him, I always liked him, I'm not gonna watch him anymore I'm not gonna watch him because he's not legit what he did, I'm not gonna watch him And his hair's not as good as it used to be, you know? Kamala should focus on what she should have done during the last almost four-year period, she kept complaining, well you know what I'm in, I'm gonna do this, and I'm gonna do that And at the end of the debate I said, why don't you just do it, you could leave right now, why don't you do it? I'm gonna do this, and then I'm gonna do that, and then I'm gonna do this and that and that Remember at the convention when she went out, they nominated her, even though she got no votes, they nominated No, she came in last place in the primaries, right? And then she got, and then she said, total Trump is a threat to democracy No, she's a threat to democracy, she is a threat to democracy, but do you remember once you went out and she said thank you, do you remember that? It was the weirdest thing, am I wrong? Because they were saying JD and I are weird, no we're very solid people, she's weird And that vice president of hers is really weird, he's really That was a sound bite, you know, they said, oh he's weird, that was, in other words, they gave it to their friends in the fake news weird It's something I've never called, I've been called, a lot of bad things, but not weird But you know, she went out, and the people were applauding himself, and she goes thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you I think she went nuts, there was something wrong with her But I was very happy because I got the endorsement of the vice president's family And I got the endorsement of the Vice President's brother, and even sent me a contribution. And I was very happy because Barack Hussein Obama, his brother, as you know, endorsed me. So, no, his brother endorsed me. That's not easy. Now, he, so we have the endorsement of President Obama's brother. We have the endorsement of the brother of the future Vice President, and he better not win. If he ever won, this country will be in bad shape. It's already in bad shape. Three and a half years of what they've done to this country, especially, look, we're left at all over the world. We would have never had the Russia Ukraine problem. We would have never had October 7th Israel, the attack on Israel. None of these things, and we wouldn't have had inflation. And we wouldn't have had that horrible the way we pulled out in Afghanistan was so horrible. None of those things would have happened. We would have had a much different country. And we wouldn't have 21 million people in our country right now that shouldn't be here. That I can tell you. So, because we've done two debates, and because they were successful, there will be no third debate. It's too late anyway. The voting's already begun. You need to go out and vote. We've got a vote. This is going to be the most important vote in the history of our country. It'll be the most important. People said that I was angry at the debate, angry. I was angry. And yes, I am angry because he allowed 21 million illegal aliens invading our communities. Many of them are criminals. Many are criminals. I'm angry. I'm angry. You're angry. You're angry. They said he's an angry person. No, they're destroying our country. She's smiling. All practice, right? She's like a... She's like a... She's like this. But I am angry about Venezuelan gangs taking over Aurora Colorado. And illegal Haitians. And illegal Haitian migrants. Taking over a beautiful place. Springfield, Ohio. A while ago. Springfield was so beautiful. Now it's just a lot of place. Can you imagine you have this small little community, all of a sudden? You have 20,000 illegals in your community. Nobody knows where they come from. I'm angry about young American girls being raped and satomized and murdered by savage criminal aliens. I'm angry about rampant inflation, destroying our middle class and the American people are also very angry about that. And every other thing that we've had to endure for three and a half years. That's why 54 days from now we are going to tell Harris that we've had enough. Our country can't take it anymore. We're going to go, come, Rad, Kamala. Harris, you've done a horrible job. You've been the worst vice president in the history of our country. You had no chance of getting this position. You shouldn't have had it. You got no votes whether you like Biden or not. He got 14 million votes. She had none, not one. We're going to go, come, Rad. You're fired. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. So thank you. Wasn't the Apprentice a great shout out, was it? Do you think if I didn't do the Apprentice? Because that's a big question. Because a lot of people in Hollywood are blaming themselves for this. They're saying if we didn't do the Apprentice, he wouldn't be. But you know, they all vote for me, you know that. Because they want to pay low taxes. They talk about, no, we don't like Trump. But when they go to vote, they go, anybody what? So they want low taxes, no crime, great schools, strong military. They don't want a border invasion. They don't want people pouring across the border illegally from prisons and places. So they go in and they say, no, no, no, I'm not for Trump at all. I will never vote for them. Then they go in. So. That's true. And then they go out. And they do exit polls. And you know, in 2016 and 2020 where I cut many more, millions more votes, by the way, I hate to say that. They say, oh, that's a conspiracy theorist. It's called, I got more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country. And they said, we lost. I was told if I got 63 million votes, which is what I got in 2016, you can't lose. Just get 63. I got close to 12 million more votes and that. And we lost. But we didn't lose. And we're never going to let that happen again in this country. We're never going to let that happen. We can't let that happen again. But when they had exit polls 2016 and they said, oh, he's getting killed in the exit polls. And I remember NBC and that stupid ABC that did this horrible debate. Those two people should be fired as an anchor. A couple of more years they'll be fired. And she was nasty. She looked at me with hatred in her eyes. And him is a nice guy. I mean, they were told to do it by George Slappa Doppler, who's in the group. Right? George Slappa Doppler. But on the exit polls, so people are walking out and they're saying, you know, would like to know something, sir. Who'd you vote for? And they'd say, uh, crooked Hillary or Trump, right? But so many of them, like almost 50 percent, said, none of your business who we voted for. They have a tougher word, two words, not like Biden, one word, and then he gives two. Two words. They begin with the letters FU. That's what they say to the people. FU. I would never say because we have a lot of young people here. My audience have gotten, they've gotten younger and younger. Do you notice that? Don't do it, man. Don't worry. I still like the old people the best. I don't care. I don't care. Let that cause you all these young people. Let that cause me the election. I like that. I still like the old people the best. You got to stay with the people that got you there, right? I love the, what we're doing for the old people. I don't know if you'll hear. But that was the two words. I don't want to use those words. So they said, none of your business, which is not really what they said. And they walked out and everybody said Trump is finished. He's not getting the numbers. Because in the past, nobody said that. They'd say I'm voting for this one or that one. There were no people that wouldn't say, you know, they just say who they voted for. So what they did, thank you, darling, thank you. So what they did, you know, keep saying, I love you. You're in the middle of my punch line. You give me. So. So they always say one or the other. And I had one analyst who was very smart. But I was called by Fox, this person in Fox sir. I'm sorry, sir. Doesn't look good. Doesn't look good. And they say this porch lock in the afternoon because you know, they've interviewed all these people. And another one would call me. They all said, oh, they were actually happy. Most of them were happy. Some were really sad though. A lot of the people were really sad. So it came out, this is going to be a very short evening for Donald Trump. They were so happy. Martha Raditz was actually crying at the end when I wanted. She was crying. You don't think she's biased, do you? Martha Raditz also of ABC. ABC is the worst of the group by the way I have to tell you. They're all bad. But the worst is ABC and they prove that with the stupid worst. The worst two anchors anybody's ever seen on this thing. They were the worst. At least they shouldn't have been so obvious, right? So anyway, so I walked out and the people walked in. And I was getting calls that they, you know, thousands of people all over the country. I'm sorry, sir. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Then one guy calls me up who's a political, brilliant guy. And he said, sir. And, you know, I went, actually, I went to see, I don't think I've ever told this to her. I went to see our great first lady. And I said, darling. You know, I got home. I got home from Michigan. I was in Michigan last stop. And I got home from Michigan at like four o'clock in the morning. I had a rally. We had 42,000 people at one o'clock. I did seven rallies. I started in Florida. I went from Florida where it was 88 to Michigan where it was 20 degrees below. I said, if you don't catch a pneumonia in this business, you're never going to catch a pneumonia, right? But I went to our great first lady and I said, darling. And I felt okay. It was amazing because, you know, the athletes say, say, I left it on the field. I left it all on field. Well, I did. Because I did seven major rallies for two days. Seven each. Who the hell can do that? People are saying, nobody else could do it. You think Biden could do it? I don't think Biden would do seven. I don't know if he'd do one. He'd do one. There would last for about three minutes. Now, we did major rallies. You know, we'd speak for an hour, hour and a half. Sometimes go to the next day. We'd get all up and down. We went off everywhere. But this one guy calls up. So everyone had called me. I had a young gentleman in my family came to see me, sir. You haven't lost, but it's not looking good. This is at five o'clock in the afternoon. On election day, right? And I said, it's all right. Don't worry about it. So I went to see my wife. And I said, you know, I don't feel the way I thought I'd feel. I thought I'd be like, never said it. But I left it all out. And if we don't make it, but it looks not good, you said, does it look like you're not going to win? I said, it really looks that way. And we'll get by it. It's one of those things, but I was very disappointed. But I just felt it wasn't like, gee, if only I worked a little bit harder. Because humanly, you couldn't work harder. Then about 530, I get a call from a political, very smart political guy. And he goes, sir, I'd like to congratulate you. I said, oh, and what? You said, you won this election. And I said, what do you mean I won't election? 95% you're because we've never seen so many people leaving an election that said, it's none of your business. Right? Meaning you know what? It's none of your business. We've never seen that before. A massive number, like almost 50%. Who'd you vote for? None of your business. He said, every single one of those people belong to you. There are people. Whether we like it or not. And he said, you're going to win Florida, you're going to win Georgia, you're going to win all these states. I think you're going to win because normally it would be like 5%, 10% might say, you've got 50%. There's never been anything like that. And I believe all those votes are your votes. I said, well, all right, good. And then all of a sudden they came out and the rest is history, right? The polls closed. And they started with Donald Trump. So Florida closed at eight o'clock or whatever. And within like seconds, seconds, it closed Florida. The polls have closed. Donald Trump has won the Great State of Florida. Donald Trump has won the Great State of Georgia. Donald Trump, and went all the way up the East Coast all over the place. We ended up winning. That was quite a day, wasn't it, though? And then we did much better the second time, much better, much, much better. And then, but this is going to be the time because we've never had the enthusiasm that we have now. We've never had it because now you see how bad they're doing. You see how bad before, there was nothing to judge, right? Because I was the President. We did great. We had a great economy. We got hit with COVID, which is China. And people didn't really think in terms of that. It was a terrible thing. But we got hit. The whole world got hit. The world, $62 trillion and millions of deaths all over the world. We got the world got hit. Everybody, Abbi in Japan was devastated by it. So many people were devastated. Good people, very good people, great people, actually. But what happened was amazing. And now they see how bad a job they've done. Think of it. The inflation, the economy is terrible. Everything's terrible. We're not respected in the world. A war that would have never happened with Russia and Ukraine started. A situation in Israel would have never, ever happened. Never, ever happened. And that's a disaster. The whole Middle East is blowing up. Victor Orban, the Prime Minister of Hungary, said you got to bring Trump back or this whole world is going to blow up. So we're going to do things. But I will tell you so. Sixteen was great. Twenty was better. And this one blows both of them away. Because we've never seen the enthusiasm. Like, look at this graph. We've never seen the enthusiasm. Hurry up. So I'm pleased to be joined this afternoon by the next senator from Arizona. And we're going to call her a different name. She may be angry. I haven't told her this. But she may be angry. She may never speak to me again. But I'm going to give her a different name. Because she's very strong in the border. And she knows the problems that you're having and you say it. Arizona's got tremendous problems with illegals coming in from all over the world and just pouring in. And, you know, by the way, taking Hispanic jobs, taking African-American jobs, taking people that have been here a long time citizens, taking the jobs. But she's been very strong on it. And I just realized, because it's gotten so bad, when you look at Springfield, Ohio, when you look at Aurora in Colorado where the governor has no, I feel so sorry for this guy. He has no idea what to do. He's a Democrat, so, you know. He has no idea what to do about it. He's devastated. He's afraid to do anything. But if you look, the Venezuelans have taken over. I mean, and they walk in with guns, the biggest guns that I've ever seen. They had guns that were supreme. They call them supreme guns, 8K-47 Supreme. They have stuff. I don't know where to. A hell. They get this stuff. And they've taken over buildings. They're in the real estate business, let's put it that way. And that's just the beginning. It's going to get really bad, okay? And you know you have a sheriff with a deputy or something, and you got 30 guys with 8K-47s and all these horrible. I mean, big stuff. And they're taking over. And it's not, let me tell you, we're not letting that happen. This woman is very strong. She's running against a weak person. She's running against a guy who voted 100 percent of the time when he was voting. He voted 100 percent of the time, just about for Crook a Joe Biden. He's weak in the border. He wants to have open borders. And he's going to go back to that. I don't even know what he's saying now. It doesn't matter because when they're for open borders, they're never going to change. They're stupid people because it's going to ruin our country. But she's tough in the border. So if you don't mind, I'm going to call her border carry lake. From now on, it's border carry lake. She's a fantastic person. I've known her a long time. I was one of the early people that endorsed her. And I'll tell you, she is tough, tough, tough on the border. And you know, that's taken over. I think in 2016, I won maybe because of the border. I don't know the economy, the border, whatever. But a lot of it was, but the border, and I fixed it. And in 2020, I couldn't talk about the border. My people would say, sir, you're wasting your time talking about the border. I said, well, wait a minute. I fixed the border. Nobody wants to hear it. You know, once it's fixed, nobody wants to hear it. I made that border so strong. And I couldn't talk about it. But let me give you the bad news. That border was one-one-hundredth of what it is now. That border was when I took over. It was bad. But it was just a fraction of what now it's horrible and dangerous. And we're ruining our country. We're destroying. So Carrie told me that she's going to be focusing on the border, the border border, right? And she is, you're going to get it fixed, right? You're going to get it fixed? And she's going to get it done. She's tough. She's tough in the border, though. It's bothered her from the first day you started having the problem. She would have done it as governor, and that race was a very sad race, because she did great. But she would have done that as governor. But she'll do it even more so, in a sense, as senator. And she'll fix your border, and she'll be working with me on doing it. Border Carrie like. Thank you. Thank you, Border Carrie. I don't know. I'm giving her a tag. You know, when I give people tags, it stays. But that's a good one. She's going to be great. And she's going to be a great... And the guy, honestly, he is nothing. This guy that's running, he's got nothing going, and he couldn't care less about the border. You need help. You can't let this happen. Also, a candidate who is a great person who I endorsed, he just did a fantastic job of everything he's done. Now he's running, as you know, for Congress. He's doing really well. One in the primaries, tough races. One in the primaries. He's something... He's somebody that really seems to be able to get the job done, like very few people that we all know. But Abe Hamaday is here, someplace. He's a tough cookie. He's a tough cookie. And I can really name him border also, but how many names can I use? But you're a big border guy. You want to see a strong border. And you'll win on the border. You will and carry will win on the border. You don't have to talk about anything else, because everything else will fix. We'll take care of the... We'll bring your interest rates down. We'll do everything. But you'll win on the border. If you guys just focus on that, you don't have to talk about much else. There's a man that's going to help you a lot on the border, too. He's a fantastic friend of mine. Art Delecuel. Border Patrol. The head of Border Patrol. Where is it? He's a good guy, too. He's been my friend, along with a couple of our other friends, for a long time. And they endorsed me years ago, and they've never taken it back. And I saw that art and his people go on television. They say, there's only one man going to be able to do this border. And I appreciate it, Art. We won't forget it, Art. Thank you, man. Thank you. Thank everybody else, too, Art. Appreciate it. And Arizona Republican Party, Chairwoman Gina Swabota. Gina. She is great. She is a winner. Thank you very much, Jane. And all the, I'd like to thank all of the police I met backstage and Border Patrol people. Ice. Ice. That's great to stand up for. They go through a lot. That's great. Look at that. Look at that, Art. That's great. And they deserve it, too. You don't know how much respect we all have for you and the job you do and its dangerous work. And you know, they want to really do the job. They stopped from doing their job. They want to do their job. They want to work. It's more dangerous. It's harder. But they want to save our country. These people are incredible. I'll tell you. As the people of Arizona understand better than anyone else under Kamala Harris, our country is under a thing called invasion. Did you ever hear the word invasion? Just like a military. It's like a military invasion. We're being conquered and we are being occupied by a foreign element. And, you know, if you think about it, China has a five million man army, mostly man in that case. I can tell you. They have a five million person army. And we have 21 million people come in this year. This is just period of time. 21 million people over the period of the last few years. Think of it. They have a five million, that's a big army. And we have 21 million people here. So cut out half. That means you have 10 million people. And they have guns. You just see that. If you look at Colorado, take a look at Aurora. The most sophisticated guns anywhere in the world. High-powered stuff. And, you know, you say to yourself, so if you cut the number and half, 10 million people, and cut that number and have five million, that's the size of China. And what they have is an army. It's a pretty dangerous stuff. We got to get them the hell out of here. As discussed in the debate, not only is Comrade Kamala allowing illegal aliens to stampede across her border, but she is flying them here from other countries. Remember, she said, no, no. Remember, when their poles were crashing a few months ago, she said, oh, oh, oh, oh, and they issued some order, I don't know what it was, because it stopped it a little bit, slowed it down a little bit, but it doesn't mean he knows. He's laughing. He knows. Because they'll slow down a little bit, then they'll say, oh, look at the numbers. But they have a problem. They didn't include the airplane numbers. They fly them in by the tens of thousands. Think of it. They're trying to say they're into the border, and yet they have airplanes. Beautiful airplanes going and picking them up and dropping them into the middle of our country, I would say that the states... It means we really have 50 border states, though they're dropping them into the middle of our country all over the place. They fly them in. Think of that. They fly them in by jets. They're flying in all the time. And art, they don't count those numbers, do they? They don't talk about them. When you know when they fly in, and then they have a special app, right? They have an app where the cartels are allowed to use the app to get their people in. Do you believe this? It's an app for cartels. So the illegal cartels that are among the richest people in the world, by the way. You know, we think we have a lot of wealth. Well, take that 400. The Forbes 400 or whatever it is. Forbes isn't doing so well anymore. But take whatever the hell 400 they have, these guys would qualify, in many cases, they'd be a hell of a lot richer. The cartels are using this app. Think of it to bring thousands and thousands of people here illegally over the past, three and a half years, Harris Biden administration, has resettled a half a million illegal immigrants from the failed state of Haiti, which is a totally failed country, very sad situation. Into American communities, including over 200,000 who Kamala has illegally flown into the United States by airplanes. Think of that. And they're coming out of Haiti, and they're coming out of other failed countries at levels that nobody has ever seen before. In addition to Aurora, Colorado, there's a place called Springfield, Ohio, that you've been reading about 20,000 illegal Haitian immigrants have descended upon the town of 58,000 people. Destroying their entire way of life, this was a beautiful community, and now it's horrible, what's happened. Enrollment of the states, Medicaid and food assistance programs have soared, motor vehicle accidents, have skyrocketed in recording of 9-1-1 calls, even show residents are reporting that the migrants are walking off with the town's geese. They're taking the geese, you know where the geese are in the park and the lake, and even walking off with their pets. My dog's been taken, my dog's been taken, this can only happen. These people are the worst, this is Abtonia, Biden and Kamala, this is the worst combination in the history of our country. The only one happy is Jimmy Carter, because he's no longer referred to as the worst president in Israel, not even close. Likewise, this small 4,000-person town of Chaleroi, Pennsylvania, heavy air of it, Chaleroi, what a beautiful name. But it's not so beautiful now, has experienced a 2,000-percent increase in the population of Haitian migrants under Kamala Harris. So Pennsylvania, remember this when you have to go to, okay, just remember this, 2,000-percent increase. This is a small town, all of a sudden they got thousands of people. The schools are scrambling to hire translators for the influx of students who don't speak not a word of English, costing local taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars, and the town is virtually bankrupt. This flood of illegal aliens is also bringing massive crime to the town at every place near it. Earlier this year in Massachusetts, one of the Haitian illegals who Kamala flew into America was charged with raping a 15-year-old girl, badly hurting Net Girl. Also in Massachusetts, a Haitian migrant was charged with raping a pregnant woman and beating her very badly. Yet another Haitian migrant who she imported was arrested for molesting a 10-year-old child who lived right next door. The child next door was badly badly hurt. In New York this year, an illegal brought in through Kamala's migrant phone app was charged with savagely murdering his two roommates. He had two roommates set up by the people that set that up in this country. They go, welcome, what would you like? Oh, I'd like to have a nice room. Okay, we'll give you two roommates. Viciously stabbing them to death. But these are just a few of the many, many stories. There are hundreds and hundreds. There are thousands of stories. They're coming in from all over the world, from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane-us-aloms, and many tourists at numbers that we have never seen before. You've never seen these numbers before art. You've never saw these numbers before. Have you, you've never seen anything like this? This is unique, at least with you. It's unique. We cannot let this happen to our country. It will not end well unless Donald J. Trump is elected the 47th president. I'll be an item, sirs. I'll be an item, sirs. Thank you. We'll get them out. We'll get it ready. We'll bring back our country in many ways. That's one way. But to me, that's like one of the most important ways. Well, we'll also stop World War III. That's an important way. There has never been an invasion like this in any country. There's never been an invasion like this. There's never been a border like this. No matter where you go in the world throughout history, there's never been a border like this. And the fake news media will correct me if that's the case. I'll tell you what, there's never been anything like what's happening to our country and history. Because no leader of a country is as stupid as the two people that are leading our country. In fact, our leadership, if you think about it, is non-existent. I mean, where's Biden? Do you think he lies awake at night, turning and tossing, on finding a way to stop the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine? I don't think so. He hasn't spoken to Putin in years. I will get that war settled as President-elect. And I'm telling you, this is true. Kamala, a committed Marxist. You know, her father is a Marxist professor. We'll be far worse than Crooket Joe Biden. She's going to be worse because he doesn't really believe it. She does. She does believe it. And she'll go back to no fracking and all the other things we talked about. She'll go back to him on day one. But on day one of my administration, I will stop this invasion. I will seal the border. I will end the Paris migrant flight. And I will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country. We have no choice. Thank you. Thank you. We will not allow our country to be destroyed. We will get the criminals out and we will not let them back into our country. We're not going to let them back in. They're staying out. You know the other countries are doing this. You know that. And this is all over the world. This isn't just South America. This isn't Honduras alone and Guatemala, El Salvador, Mexico. This is all over the world. The Congo and Africa comes. A lot of people coming from the Congo, but Africa, they're coming Asia, the Middle East, and South America. But they're coming from all over the world. And they're coming from prisons and they're coming from jails. We're not going to let this happen to our country. Another terrible effect of the Paris migrant invasion, and she's the one that wanted it more than Biden. Biden didn't know what the hell was happening. He said, that sounds like a nice idea. Is that it is driving housing costs through the roof. You know that, right? You're affected by that. Fewer than 5 million new houses were built in the last three years. Yet, Kamala Harris has imported 21 million illegal aliens who are now disproportionately occupying lower-income rental properties. So think of it. We built 5,000 units, 5 million units. We both think of this. They started in a little community where they did 5,000. That was quite nice. Then they go to 5 million units. But we have 21 million people came in. None of them are going to be paying a lot of rent. I can tell you that. Because a lot of those people are people that shouldn't be here, some should. But a lot of them are people that shouldn't be here. As just one example, a vivid one, look at the explosion in Renton Springfield, Ohio, where Kamala has resettled the 20,000 Haitians. There's a chart up here someplace. I don't like that as much as the chart that I had in Butler P.A. That was nothing. That was my favorite chart. That was my favorite chart. We still have that. That was a great, beautiful chart. The red, the yellow, right, and the blue. That was my all-time. That is going to be my all-time favorite chart. I don't care what chart I look at over the years. I will sleep with that chart every single night. But look at the numbers and look at the way those lines are. They're totally out of control. When I return to the White House, we will require that all companies receiving federal housing subsidies to verify citizenship. We're going to verify citizenship. We're going to make sure that it's a legal residency. And as a condition of their rental agreements, they're going to have to do all of it. Taxpayers will not subsidize apartment rentals for illegal aliens, and we will not permit illegals to drive up the course for Americans in the United States. In addition, I will ban all mortgages for illegal aliens. You can't have it. Now in California, under Gavin Newscom, you know, they want to give illegal mortgages. They want all the legals. How about all the legals get a mortgage? You don't get any mortgages, right there. This is the first part of my plan to restore housing, affordability in America. Kamala Harris is killing the American Dream. But with your vote this November, it's going to be the most important election ever in the history of our country. We are going to bring back the American Dream bigger, better, and stronger than ever before. We're going to bring it back. Under my leadership, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world. Before the pandemic, we raised real median household income by $7,684 a record per family. We achieved the lowest Hispanic American unemployment rate and the lowest Hispanic American poverty rate in the history of our country. And Hispanic American household wealth and home ownership reached the highest level ever recorded. Thank you very much. I like you. But now our zoneans are experiencing an affordability crisis. And this is a crisis of historic proportions. You agree? You know that. You know what's going on in this area in particular. Today, not a single major city in Arizona is considered affordable, not one. When I was president nearly two thirds of the homes and phoenix were considered affordable for families making the median income. I think of it two thirds and now it's none. Today, the number of homes that are affordable for those middle class families is down to a number that you don't even want to hear. It's almost like nothing. Here are the other pillars of my plan to end this nightmare and help millions of Arizona families afford the house of your dreams. We'll rapidly reduce inflation by slashing energy causes. We're going to slash energy costs taxes and we are going to slash regulations. By quickly defeating inflation, we will in turn bring interest rates down very fast when I was president. Interest rates. We're hovering around 2%. You got a mortgage. Oh, look at that guy. The big guy. Stand up. We're going to show this on him. You got a mortgage at around 2%. That's right. You. How many people have it all? Who else looks like that? Nobody going to mess with him, right? Nobody going to mess with that guy. But he was happy when I said the little you got a good mortgage. I can see a lot of other people did. Today, the mortgage rates are at 10% 11%, 12%. You can't get the money. We're going to bring it down very fast. We're going to bring energy down. We will drive down the rates so you will be able to pay 2% again and we will be able to finance or refinance your homes drastically at much lower costs. You do refinancing or refinancing if you're looking. This step alone will save Arizona families between $800,000 per month on their mortgage for a typical home. Under Comrade Kamala Harris, your electricity bills here in Arizona rose and estimated almost 100%. It's the largest increase anywhere in the country. Did you know that? Congratulations. Your number one in the country for the increase in your electric bills. What the hell is going on? As President, I will end the Harris-Biden War in American Energy on day one. And under my plan, it is my goal to cut your energy cost by 50% in the first year. 50%. Remember, we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation in the world, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Rome. We will slash the cost of heating, air conditioning, gasoline, electricity. And by bringing down the price of energy, we will defeat inflation and reduce the prices which are through the roof right now. People can't afford cereal. You get to see it so sad when you see people being interviewed and they buy three apples and they walk away from the cashier and they bring an apple back because they can't afford it. And it happens all the time. Upon taking office, I will also sign an executive order directing the immediate termination of every single unnecessary rule that is impeding housing construction and driving up the costs of housing. Government regulations are responsible for more than 25% of the cost of a new single-family home and 40% of the cost of multi-family homes. Think of it. Regulations costing 40% of the cost. And it takes you years to get it done. We're going to end all of that. I have been a builder my entire life. I understand the problem. I will fix it. I know how to fix it. Nobody else is going to figure it out. My objective will be to cut the cost of building a new home by 30% to 50% and much of it is regulation. And in addition, we will open. And this is your great people in the state that are asking me so many times, so many people are asking me to do this. We will open up new tracks of federal land for large-scale housing construction so that we can get housing on the market. About 18% of all land in Arizona is owned by the Bureau of Land Mismanagement. It's actually management. Mismanagement. I have to be careful because you know, with the fake news media, I can go a whole speech. Stand up here largely without a teleprompter. I don't read them most of the time. But because you find it very boring when you read teleprompters. Run, spot, run. Remember I said that. But I can go a whole day. I can go stand up here, talk to you for two hours. I mispronounced one word like I called mismanagement. I said the Bureau of mismanagement. Well, I was kidding. They won't say that. They'll say he's cognitively impaired. That's what that'll be all over television. So our chasm for me is the worst thing possible because when I'm being sarcastic or say something kidding-ly, like even the other night, I was talking about how much we won by a certain election a few years ago. And I jokingly said we won by just they won by just a little smidgen. Is it true that you think the election was closed because you said just I said yeah, he's being sarcastic. It's not good. When I imitate Joe Biden not being able to find his way off the stage. Which happens all the time. No, it happens all the time. I get decimated by the fake news media. And sometimes they say look, he can't find his way off the stage either. You have these stages. They have like four or five stairs, usually one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Well, is this a government- don't building. They have more. They have usually more stairs. But when I do an imitation of that, they will sometimes say because I called up our great first lady. I said how great was my speech tonight because they're always on television. You know why? Because they get good ratings. I said how great was my speech tonight. Did you see the size of that crowd? Oh, by the way, her crowds are zero. Her crowd. She's got no crowds. They bust the people in. They pay buses to bring people. Nobody here wrote it on a bus. I guarantee you that unless you own it. I said, did you see how great my speech was tonight? How great. She said, well, it was good. I said, what do you think? Well, I didn't like your hair. I said, what else? But the people were going crazy. They loved it. Well, yeah, they might, but you looked really bad. You couldn't find the stairs off the stage. I said, I was imitating that guy. But this is the fake news media, just like these two fakeers that were up this weekend. I think they really hurt their career. I really believe that. I think they hurt. I hope they did. Finally, I will say, the America suburbs by protecting single family zoning, the radical left wants to abolish the suburbs by forcing apartment complexes and low income housing into the suburbs right next to your beautiful house. Right next, you have a beautiful house and they want a nice low income building to be right next to you. I will end this Marxist crusade. I did it, you know, I did it five, six years ago. I did it. The suburbs were safe. That's why when they say suburban women maybe don't like Trump. I think they're wrong. I think they love me. I never had problems with women. I never had any problems. But they say suburban women. So they live in the suburbs and I'm the one that says you can't build a low income apartment house where people want to do harm when they move in right next to your beautiful little house. Right. And then I hear the women don't like me. They women want strong borders. They don't want to be hurt, molested, killed. They want their family to be safe. They want a strong military so we're not going to be attacked by anybody. Peace through the strength. So why wouldn't they like me? Those are the things that I stand for. They want good education. And I'm for choice. They also want choice. Choice is a big thing in education. To get even more relieved to American workers, I will massively cut taxes for working families and we will have no taxes on tips, no taxes on social security benefits. No taxes on tips. Remember a few months ago I announced there will be no taxes on tips. A couple of weeks later she goes, I'd like to announce that there will be no taxes. But why didn't they do this before? In the meantime, they are putting in legislation to make it impossible for these people to avoid paying taxes on the tips. So I don't know what they're going to do. But I think it was a little bit of a copycat. You know, a little bit of a copycat. And also very importantly, no taxes on social security benefits for our seniors. That's a big deal. I don't know. Maybe that's even a bigger deal. But I have a big one coming up. So you have the privilege of being the first to hear this because I'm also announcing and you remember that seniors when you go to vote, you go to vote because you know what, you've been eaten alive by the stupid inflation caused by energy and caused by their overspending foolishly, stupid spending. The inflation reduction act they call it and then they said, well, it was a lie. It was really part of the Green News scam. Remember that they said it was a lie. It was a massive spending, trillions of dollars and it caused inflation. But it also was helped inflation by their stupid energy policy. And just so you know, they're doing about what I was doing, but that was four years ago, five years ago. I would have had it quadrupled by now. They're doing the same thing as I was doing many years ago. But they had to. They were cutting it like crazy. They lost N-Ware, the biggest site in the world that I got Ronald Reagan couldn't get nobody in Alaska. And they went out and they it was terrible. Remember the first part where the it was five dollars six who's going through the roof. And he said, bring back the Trump plan. What did they do? So they got those rigs going again and we had sort of similar numbers, but mine would have been four times, maybe five times higher by now. And what they have is they just steam it along and let me tell you if they won the election right after the election, they're ending all fossil fuel. You're not going to have any. And you're going to find out what bad living is today. I'm also announcing that as part of our additional tax cuts, we will end all taxes on overtime. You know what that means? Think of that. Think of that. Think of that. That gives people more of an incentive to work. It gives the companies a lot. It's a lot easier to get the people. And you know, I went to some economists, great ones. And I said, what do you think they said it would be unbelievable. You'll get a whole new workforce by doing the no taxes on overtime. The people who work overtime are among the hardest working citizens in our country. And for too long, no one in Washington has been looking out for them. Those are the people they really work. They're police officers, nurses, factory workers, construction workers, truck drivers, and machine operators. It's time for the working man and woman to finally catch a break. And that's what we're doing because this is a good one. And I think it's going to be great for the country. So that's why we will be saying that if you're an overtime worker when you're past 40 hours a week, think of that. Your overtime hours will be tax-free. Okay? Good. You're going to have it. And unlike Biden, where he tells you that you don't have to pay your school tuition and he gets rejected, then he goes again and again. It's been now it's totally gone. Or as they say in politics, it's debunked. It's gone. That was terrible. You know, he kept saying to these students, no more loans, no more loans. Which was very unfair to the millions of people that actually paid off their loans over the years. Some of them took 20 years to pay them off. But that's a dead deal. That's totally dead. You know, they tried to revive it two weeks ago. That didn't work out too well. That's a totally dead deal. But these will be three things that will get done. So if you think about no tax on tips, think of that. Think about this and the social security for our seniors. Because the seniors have been destroyed by inflation. It's unfair. And this is like a whole new life for them. Because you're talking about a lot of money. So no tax on social securities for our great seniors. And this last one is no tax. You work your ass off. No tax on overtime. And that's so good for the employees. One of our economists said, I think that's actually going to bring money into our economy. You know, when I cut taxes, we had the largest tax cut in history. And when I cut taxes with a much lower rate, the following year, we took in more money than we ever took in with a much higher rate. People, the jobs, people work by a lot. But this is how we will end the era of inflation, mayhem, and misery under the Kamaland Crookajou regime. And at least safety, prosperity, and peace for Americans of every race, religion, color, and create. Together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, and low inflation, so that everyone can afford groceries, a car, and a beautiful home. We will stop the invasion and then migrant crime, support our police, strengthen our military, build a missile defense shield over our country. Much of it will be made right here. Ronald Reagan wanted to do it many years ago, but we didn't, honestly, we're lucky we didn't because we didn't have the technology. Now we do. You see in Israel how it works. And we're going to have the biggest and the best. We make it. We'll all make it. And a lot of it's going to be made in a place called Arizona. Is that okay? We will keep critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our school. It's amazing. It's insane. You know that always gets like the biggest applause. It's like a poll. You're like a poster. You're like a free poll, I must say. Now, but you are. It always gets the biggest because can you imagine your child goes to school and they don't even call you and they change the sex of your child. And you know who the leader of that whole thing was? Kamala Kamala. And another one that gets a big hand and it's crazy. We will keep men out of women sports. How simple is that? Did you see the Olympics recently? It was pretty good, but they had the prize fighters, the fighters. And they had the women's fight. They now have women's boxing. That's a big step, but they have women's boxing. And yet this beautiful young woman from Italy and she was fighting against a man who transitioned. And there were two of them that transitioned. There were two of them that transitioned. By the way, shockingly both happened to win a gold medal, okay? The two transitioned men won. But the woman from Italy, she's up. And she's a good fighter. And she's up and she won't show. And she's going to show that we can take this man or woman, this transitioned person, they say. I said, what do I say? They said transitioned person. And I said, fine, I'm going to say that. But she's going to show them. And he goes, for those that don't like know much about the left, it's just sort of a little defensive. She didn't know what happened. She pulls away, they thought what happened. She's not, then she gives it another try and he goes, boom, with the left. Not the right. This is the one that really hurts, right? And she goes, I've never been, and she quits, she walked off. That was the end. She didn't even go to, she's just walked off. She said, I could, I could never say, I've never been hit like that. Then the other fighter of the same thing. So you had two transitioned people fighting. They both easily won gold medals. The greatest is the weightlifting though. A record that stands for 18 years. And they put an eighth of an ounce here, and an eighth of an ounce here, and the big barbell. And they got women that are so strong. And this one was going to break the record that she went up with that thing. She got an appearance right there. And they're going, come on, darling. My wife hates what I do this. She says it's so unprecedented. She's got a great style. She goes, do you have to do that thing with the weightlifting? But people like it, right? Should I do it or not? I tell her that. I tell her that. I said, people love it, but she gets it up here. The parents are right where you're sitting. These beautiful women up here. The parents mom did this so proud. She gets, come on, baby, you can do it. You saw it. Well, can't do. She couldn't get it up. Then a guy comes up. The SM outstage. Have you lifted before? Not much, not just sort of started. And he said, oh, good luck, sir. I mean, ma'am. And he goes up. He looks down. Give him a gold. How crazy is it? Or the swimmers? How about the swimmers? You have the greatest swimmers in the world. They want to win. They want to compete. And this one young lady, all-american swimmer, they're all sort of all-Americans or close. And she looks left and she sees these young ladies that she's been growing up with, because you know they meet the top of the peak, right? The top of the peak, the best. She looks left and she sees five young ladies that she's grown up with in California and other places. She looks to the right. She sees four and this person next to her who's gigantic. Looks like wilt, distilled, chabel, and on steroids. And she looks up. She's never seen anything like this, but she's okay because she's like top. And she's going to break that record. She's going to break the Olympic record. This guy had a reach that nobody has ever seen before. So he gets in and he jumps in. They jump in. They jump in that pool and she's swimming like crazy. And as you know, you probably heard they had a takeer as she was seriously injured. You know what injured her? Windburn. He went by her so fast that she suffered massive windburn. Very serious problem. He won by a lot. In fact, he was having lunch while the other young ladies were covering. He was enjoying a nice lunch as the rest of them were swimming in. How demeaning to women, right? Demeaning. How ridiculous. How demeaning to women like they have wrestling stand up again. You stand up right there. You were the Trump. How the hell can a woman... Is there any woman in this audience that wants to take this guy on? All right. Now I love that guy. Where's it? Anybody who is a Trump shirt, I like that guy. He looks... He looks okay to me. We will defend the Second Amendment. Restore free speech. And we will secure our elections. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with joy and opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Comrade Kamala Harris. I use that term because you know what that term means, right? Communist. She's a Marxist, communist, fascist, socialist. She's not actually a socialist. She's gone past that. She used to say America will never be a socialist country. Actually, they skipped past socialism. They started at communism. We must stop her country destroying liberal agenda once and for all. So get everyone you know. You got to go vote. You got to get people to vote. Because we want to get a landslide that's too big to rig. If we have the big votes they can't rig it, they try. They're the most dishonest people. We want to go too big to rig. On November 5th, we will save our economy. We will rescue our middle class. We will reclaim our sovereignty and restore our borders. And we will always put America first. We will take back our country. Arizona, thank you very much. And God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.