Donald Trump’s Speech on Super Tuesday

01 Mar 16

 Chris, thank you very much. I appreciate it. This has been an amazing evening. Already we’ve won five major states. And it looks like we could win six, seven, or eight or nine. I want to congratulate Ted on the winning of Texas. He worked hard on it. I know how hard he worked actually. So I congratulate Ted Cruz on that win. That was an excellent win. We’ve got to make America great against, folks. We’re going to make it great again. And you know, I watched Hillary’s speech and she’s talking about wages, and being poor, and everything’s poor and everything’s doing badly but we’re going to make it — she’s been there for so long. I mean, if she hasn’t straighten it out by now, she’s not going to straighten it out in the next four years. It’s just going to become worse and worse. She wants to make America whole again. And I’m trying to figure out what is that all about. Make America great again is going to be much better than making America whole again. So I just want to say that this was an exciting evening. It’s so 	great to be in Florida. It’s so great to be at Mar-a-Largo with friends and the press and the media and everybody. I know it was a very tough night for Marco Rubio. He had a tough night. But he worked hard. He spent a lot of money. He is a lightweight as I’ve said many times before. But you know what? We’re going to go to Florida. We’re going to spend so much time in Florida. We’ve got about a 20 point lead. I know that a lot of groups, a lot of the special interests and a lot of the lobbyists and the people that want to have their little senator do exactly as they want, they’re going to put $20 million to $25 million into it over the next two weeks from what just came over the wires. And frankly, I think that’s fine as far as I’m concerned. It’s fine. And if he wins, they’ll have total control. But he’s not going anywhere anyway. But we’ll see what happens. But we’re going to spend a lot of time in Florida. The Virginia win was just a great win because it’s a place that’s spectacular and a place that we have big investments in as we have in Florida. Remember, we have thousands of employees in Florida, all along Miami, Doral and Mar-a-Lago and so many other places, and it’s been an amazing place to invest. It’s been amazing to have so many wonderful employees — some of whom are here tonight — really urging us on. And you know, I have thousands of employees all over the country. Actually, all over the world. But for purposes of tonight, we’ll just say all over the country. And it’s been just so beautiful to watch this company grow and to watch it grow so strongly.

	 Recent articles came out talking about how great a company we built. And now we want to put that same ability into doing something for our nation. I mean, our nation is in serious trouble. We’re being killed on trade. Absolutely destroyed. China is just taking advantage of us. I have nothing against China. I have great respect for China. But their leaders are too smart for our leaders. Our leaders don’t have a clue. And the trade deficit’s at $400 billion and $500 billion are too much. No country can sustain that kind of trade deficit. It won’t be that way for long. We have the greatest business leaders in the world on my team already. And believe me, we’re going to redo those trade deals and it’s going to be thing of beauty. You look at countries like Mexico where they’re killing us on the border. Absolutely destroying us on the border. They’re destroying us in terms of economic development. Companies like Carrier Air Conditioning just moving into Mexico. Ford moving into Mexico. Nabisco closing up shop in Chicago and moving into Mexico. We have to stop it, folks. I know how to stop it. We’re going to create jobs. We’re going to create jobs like you’ve never seen. We’re going to lower taxes. I have a plan that Larry Kudlow and so many others think is the best plan they’ve seen. We’re going to lower taxes substantially for the middle class. The middle class has been forgotten in our country. It really helped and really probably was the predominant factor in making our country into a country that we all love so much and we’re so proud of. But we’ve forgotten the middle class. So we’re going to lower taxes. We’re lowering taxes on business. You look at all the companies that are moving out. When you see Pfizer moving to Ireland and you see so many other companies constantly now they’re leaving. They used to move from New York to Florida. Or they’d move from New Jersey to someplace else, Chris. But now they’re moving from here — but not that many people are leaving New Jersey. But Chris understands the problem. Fully understands. Now they’re leaving from places they used to move to into other parts of the world. We can’t let that happen. We’ve lost our manufacturing jobs. We’ve lost our manufacturing. Millions and millions of jobs. Thousands and thousands and thousands of plants, manufacturing plants, warehouses. I mean, we are losing so much. We can’t let it happen. I tell this story often about a friend of mine who’s in the excavation business, and he always orders Caterpillar. And recently he ordered Komatsu tractors from Japan because they’ve cut the yen — they’ve devalued the yen to such an extent that it was virtually impossible for Caterpillar to compete. And I don’t want that to happen. That’s not going to happen. They shouldn’t be allowed to do it. We have tremendous power over everybody because we are really the source. We have great, great power. The problem is we have politicians that truly, truly, truly don’t know what they’re doing. So we’re going to work really, really hard. I’m so honored by this evening.

	 If you would have told me on June 16th when I was with my wife Melania and we came down the escalator in Trump Tower and it looked literally, well, literally like this. You have a lot of cameras here tonight. It looked literally like the Academy Awards. I never saw so many cameras in my life. And it takes courage to run. I’ll tell you what, it takes a lot of courage to run for president. I’ve never done this before. I've been a job producer. I've done a lot of things. But this is something I've never done. But I felt we had to do it. When you look at the incompetence of the Iran deal where we give $150 billion and we get absolutely nothing. When you look at all of the problems our country has and you look at our military, which is really being depleted, rapidly depleted. We're going to make our military bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and nobody, nobody, nobody is going to mess with us, folks. Nobody. So, it's just an amazing honor to have you with me tonight.

	Question:* [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Well, they can always do that, and then they'll just lose everything. And that would be the work of a loser. But let me just explain something. If you've seen what's happened, whether you go to South Carolina where I had a huge victory, where we had a tremendous victory in New Hampshire, tremendous in Nevada, you look at what's happened and tonight of course is the best of all. I mean, right now, they're projecting I guess six. But we could be seven, eight, nine, and major states - it's Georgia, Alabama, Massachusetts, Tennessee, Virginia, and you know these are amazing states. And we're going probably get a lot more. In fact, we're projected to have some pretty good additional numbers. But I will say this. Look, we have expanded the Republican Party. When you look at what's happened in South Carolina and you see the kind of numbers that we've got in terms of extra people coming in. They came from the Democratic Party or the Democrat Party and they're Democrats and they're longtime Democrats and they were never going to switch and they all switched. And they were independents. And we've actually expanded the party. Look at the number of votes we've had in that area as an example. Four years ago, they had 390,000 or so votes; we doubled it. We're almost 800,000. Whereas the Democrats went down. There's much less enthusiasm for the Democrats. I, look, I am a unifier. I know people are going to find that a little bit hard believe. But believe me, I am a unifier. Once we get all of this finished, I'm going to go after one person - that's Hillary Clinton - on the assumption that she's allowed to run, which is a big assumption. I don't know that she's going to be allowed to run. And I think that's frankly going to be an easy race. You see the polls. I beat Hillary in many polls. I know one thing. I don't think Marco is going to be able to beat her. I don't think in all fairness I think Ted's going to have a very hard time. But Ted at least has a shot because at least he's won a little bit. So I just tell you this: We are going to be a much finer party. We're going to be a unified party, I mean, to be honest with you. And we are going to be a much bigger party. And you can see that happening. We're going to be a much bigger party. Our party is expanding. And all you have to do is take a look at the primary states where I've won, and just look where we've gone from an X number to a much larger number. That hasn't happened to the Republican Party in many, many decades. So I think we're going to be more inclusive. I think we're going to be more unified. And I think we're going to be a much bigger party, and I think we're going to win in November. *Question:* [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * I'm just doing what's right. Look, Planned Parenthood has done very good work some - for many, many, for millions of women, and I'll say it. And I know a lot of the so-called conservatives they say that's really - because I'm a conservative but I'm a common sense conservative. But millions of women have been helped by Planned Parenthood. But we're not going to allow and we're not going to fund as long as you have the abortion going on at Planned Parenthood. And we understand that, and I've said it loud and clear. And we'll see what happens. But Planned Parenthood, millions of people - and I've had thousands of letters from women that have been helped. And this wasn't a set up. This was people writing letters. I'm going to be good for women's health issues. It's very important to me. Very important to me. And maybe that's not a perfect conservative view. But I can one thing. I'm more conservative than anybody on the military, on taking care of our vets, on the border, on the wall, on getting rid of Obamacare and coming up with something much, much better and certainly getting rid of Common Core and getting education to a local level so that you're going to have good education for our children who are being absolutely starved for proper education. "¦You can call it what you want but I am a truth teller and I will tell the truth. Okay?

	Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * I feel awfully good. I mean, I'm watching your people. I'm watching your people and I'm going to be very nice. I'm going to be very nice. I'm watching your people on CNN and I'm watching the Fox people and I'm watching the MSNBC people too. Okay? See? I'm becoming diplomatic. "¦Certainly being very nice to me tonight. I mean, you know, they're being very strong. They're declaring Marco Rubio the big loser of the night, which is true. He didn't win anything. He hasn't won anything period. And by the way, I have to tell you and he was very, very nasty. I've never heard a person get up and speak in an evening like this and be so nasty but he's got a right to be nasty because he hasn't won anything and he's not going to win very much. But I do congratulate Ted because I know how hard Ted worked on Texas, and that's a big get. Now, I also did very well in Texas; I came in second. And one of the things my son, Eric, told me which I didn't even realize is that not only did I win most of the states - some are coming in and I'm expected to win in them but I came in second. I came in second. I came in no worse than second. So it wasn't like I won and then I disappeared. The worst I had was a second. So I'm very, very honored by the turnout. Okay?

Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Oh, they're totally wrong. Look, I disavowed. I disavowed when in fact Chris is my number one. Chris gave me the honor of joining the campaign. He called me and he said, "Donald, what you've got is a movement." We spoke today in Kentucky; you've never seen a crowd like that. That had to be 20,000 people inside this massive convention center and it was incredible. And every place we're speaking - if we have 10,000 people it's like a small group. We had 35,000 people the other day in Alabama. And when Chris called, he said, "This is a movement. This is something like I've never seen." And in all fairness to the press, a lot of the press have said the same thing. They've never seen what's happening right now. They've never seen anything like it. And I'm just honored by it. Now when Chris joined, we had a news conference and they asked me the exact same question and I said I disavow. Now after the program that we're talking about and I thought it was clear but you know we're talking about groups, groups, groups. I do have to know the name of the group because who knows? I mean, they have to give me the name of the groups. But right after when I reviewed it, I put out a tweet and I put out on Facebook that I total disavow. Now everybody knew I did that but the press refused to look at that. That was right after, and I disavowed then. I disavowed today on ABC with George Stephanopoulos. I disavowed again. I mean, how many times are you supposed to disavow? But I disavowed and hopefully it's the final time I have to do it. But if you look at Facebook and if you look at Twitter right after the show I put out a statement because I want everybody to be sure. Yes, go ahead - *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * No, it's not. But there is always going to be some negotiation. And it's going to be a good negotiation, not a bad negotiation. It's going to be a negotiation where we're going to start at certain levels and hopefully I will make a great deal and lots of great deals for the American people. So, you know, look, you can't go around just signing our little notices that the president signs all the time - executive orders. He's signed executive order, executive order. It's almost like I don't even know. Does he even go and deal with Congress anymore? Does he ever speak to the Senate? Does he ever speak with congressmen and get them into a room and get things done? You know, a good example of this in all fairness is something that I - it's very, very important to me - corporate inversion. Carl Icahn is a good friend of mine who endorsed me - great businessman. It bothers him so much. He calls me about it all the time. We're losing companies. We're losing for two reasons. We're losing for lots of reasons. But the taxes are too high. We have the highest - we're the highest taxed nation in the world. And very importantly, they have trillions - for companies - trillions of dollars outside of this country. The Democrats agree it should be brought back in. The Republicans agree it should be brought back in. Everybody agrees it should be brought back in. I could sit in a room - or the Oval Office - for a period of literally a half hour and I really believe I could get everybody - every single - you know, it's one thing. They don't agree on health care or they don't agree on Common Core or they don't agree on other things and they'll fight. Here's something every single - I mean, almost everybody - agrees. These trillions and trillions of dollars should be brought into the country. The president can't make a deal. The reason is he doesn't know how to make a deal. Probably doesn't work at it. Probably doesn't care. But you're talking about tremendous numbers of - tremendous amounts of money. So when you have something that everybody wants and you can't make a deal, there's something going on that's really wrong. And what it means is you have the wrong leader.

	Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Look, everything - we are going to have a wall, I can tell you. We are going to have a wall. The ex-president of Mexico, the arrogance of this man, and I get along great with the Hispanics. You saw in Nevada, I won in the poll the Hispanic vote. I have thousands of people that work for me right now that are Hispanic. I've had thousands and thousands over my lifetime. These are great people. The Mexican leaders are too smart for our leaders, and you saw it. Vincente Fox, first of all, he used a word that you should never have - if I ever used that word, you folks would have never ever ever let me get away with it. Nobody even talked about the word he used and this is the ultimate word. But he was angry at the concept of somebody saying that they were pay for the wall. Mexico's going to pay for the wall. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion a year. $58 billion. The wall is going to cost $10 billion. It's so easy. I'm with these guys and I'm on the stage - "You don't really mean Mexico is going to pay for the wall." As sure as you're standing there 100% Mexico is going to pay. 100%. And the reason is I'm a businessman. I know how to do this. Politicians are all talk no action. It's not going to - except for Chris Christie, of course. It's not going to happen. It's not going to happen with these people. So when you think of it - and then they say, "You're never going to be able to build a wall." Well, it's 2,000 miles but we really only need 1,000 miles. The Great Wall of China built 2,000 years ago is 13,000 miles, folks, and they didn't have Caterpillar tractors, because I only want to use Caterpillar if you want to know the truth. Or John Deere"¦I love John Deere too. But they didn't have tractors. They didn't have cranes. They didn't have excavation equipments. The wall is 13,000 miles long. We need 1,000 miles. And we have all of the materials. We can do that so beautifully. And this is going to be a serious wall. This is going to be a high wall. They're going to be a very serious wall. We're going to stop drugs from coming into New Hampshire. You know, when I won New Hampshire, those people were so incredible to me. And when you go, you wouldn't be able to believe it because it's so bucolic, so beautiful. You look at the fields and you look at everything. It's so beautiful. And yet, you go to a meeting in New Hampshire, their number one problem, their number one problem is heroin. The heroin is pouring in and they have so many of their young people and other people addicted. And I told them I'm going to stop it. I'm going to stop it. We're going to have a strong border and I mean strong. And by the way, speaking of people, people are going to come in and they're going to come into this country but they're going to come in legally. Okay? *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * I have a lot of respect for Rick Scott. I don't know about his endorsement. But he's a friend of mine. I have a lot of respect for Rick Scott.

	Question:* [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Going to find out what's going on. We've got a big problem. *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * We have a big, big problem. I'll tell it like it is. We have a big, big problem. We've got to figure it out. We're going to figure it out. Radical Islamic terrorism - big, big problem. Not only for us. You take a look at Germany. You take a look at Sweden. You take a look at Brussels. You look at some of these places it's like a disaster. And we're not going to allow people to come into our country who we have no idea who they are, we have no idea where they come from. They have no paperwork. They're young and they're strong. You look at that migration line. They're young. They're strong. They're powerful. And you say, "Why aren't they back fighting for their country?" Now, with all of that being said, I feel strongly - I have a bigger heart than anybody - we're going to build a safe zone. It's going to be in Syria. And I'm going to get the Gulf States who have more money than anybody - we got to loosen up their wallets a little bit. We're going to get - but they're not accepting people. We're going to get - wait, wait, wait - we're going to get the Gulf States to pay for it because they should.		

	Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * You heard what I said. I gave you a good answer. You heard what I said. *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Yeah, we're going to bring them back. We're going to bring them back. Look, I'm telling you. You know how I'm going to bring them back? First of all, we're going to do great with the African-Americans and you see that in the polls where I had 25%. And one of the commentators who I think is standing right in the back of the room in the corner said, "You know, if Donald Trump gets 25% of the African-American vote, this election is over. You watch." And the reason that I'm getting that - and I'm going to do great with the Hispanics. I'm going to do great with virtually every group. The reason is I'm going to bring jobs back. I'm going to get Apple to start making their computers"¦on our land, not in China. How does it help us when they make it in China? So I'm going to create jobs. *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Well, I always liked Marco until about a week ago when he decided to go hostile. He decided to become Don Rickles. Okay? But Don Rickles has more talent. And honestly, I did. I always liked him. But he became, you know, somebody told him "You're losing very badly. The only way you can possibly win, take the Hail Mary." They called it the Hail Mary. The folks in the back. And go hostile. It hurt him. In fact, one of the newscasts tonight said he went down 15% to 20%. It's really hurt him. But look, I'm not going to tell him what to do. I'm not going to tell anybody what to do. You have to run. He had a bad night. According to CNN, Fox, I watched their broadcast. They said the loser of the night was Marco Rubio, and it's true. He didn't win anything. He hasn't won. I mean, at least you can say that Ted has won something. And you know, Marco has not won. You've got to be able to win. You can't talk. You know these politicians. All talk no action. You've got to be able to win something. He hasn't won anything. And he actually hasn't come very close. So we'll see what happens. *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * I wasn't equivocating. Let's not ask it again. How many times did I say - [overlapping audio] *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * "¦Look, I don't want to waste a lot of time. I've disavowed. I've"¦I'm going to get along great with Congress. Okay? Paul Ryan, I don't know him well. But I'm sure I'm going to get along great with him. And if I don't, he's going to have to pay a big price. Okay?

	Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump:* I'm going to be a good person for the world but we have a country that's in big trouble. Our infrastructure is going to hell. Our roads, our highways, our schools, our hospitals, our airports. I go throughout the world. I mean, you go to Qatar"¦you go to any - so many places, you go to different places in China, different places in Asia, different places in the Middle East, you look at some of the airports they have, you look at the roadways they have, you look at the transportation systems they have and the trains they have, we're like a third world country. So I'm going to be very good for the world. I'm going to get along with the world. You're going to be very proud of me. Even you will be very proud of me as a president. But we have to rebuild our country. Our country is going to hell and people don't understand that. And Hillary Clinton doesn't have a clue. She can't do that. She's talking about - I mean, one of the things that really bothered me - I think one of the reasons I have such great support - is that people - you take a look - people in the middle income groups are making less money today - less money - than they made 12 years ago. And in her speech she said they're making less money. Well, she's been there with Obama for a long period of time. Why hasn't she done anything about it? Practically everything she was complaining about, she's picked up what I say. The difference is she's been there for a long period of time. Why haven't they done anything about it? Then you look at her record as Secretary of State. It's abysmal. You look at what's going on with Syria. You look at what's going on with everything. It's a disaster. So we're going to have an interesting period of time. I don't know that she's going to be allowed to run. What she did is a criminal act. If she's allowed to run, I would be very, very surprised. But if she's allowed to run, honestly, it'll be a sad day for this country because what she did was wrong. What she did - let me just tell you - what she did was wrong and other people have done far less than her and they've paid a very, very big price. *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * Where did I say that? Where? Where? Where? Tell me where? Tell me where? *Question:* [Inaudible] *Donald Trump:* I didn't say that. Yeah, I'll negotiate if the wall is going to be 50 feet, I'll take two feet off the wall. *Question: * [Inaudible] *Donald Trump: * "¦At this moment, absolutely not. No. We either have a country or we don't. We have a country or we don't. We have borders or we don't have borders. And at this moment, the answer is absolutely not. "¦ *Question:* [Inaudible] *Donald Trump:* I have a lot of respect for Reince and for the group and I like the RNC and I don't know if I've been treated fairly or not. I really don't know. I can't tell you that. But I can tell you that I do respect them. What I really have is a great number of people. I have millions and millions of people. And when I was watching those broadcasts just a little while ago before I came in here because I wanted to see exactly where we were before I started speaking, I was amazed at the kind of numbers. The Republicans have tremendous energy. The Democrats don't. They don't have any energy. Their numbers are down. Our numbers are through the roof. And people are making statements that they've never seen in modern times a party that was so energized. I think if somebody is doing as well as I'm doing and I'm not just speaking for myself, whether me or anybody else, but if I'm going to win five - I've already won five - but maybe it could be six, seven, eight, nine. It could be nine. I could win nine states tonight. If I'm going to win all of these states with tremendous numbers and if I'm going to come in the worst second in the two or three that I might not win, I think, you know, we're a democracy. I think it's awfully hard to say that's not the person we want to lead the party. Right? You know, it's very hard. I really think that one of the biggest things that everybody is seeing happening - and everybody - is the Republican Party has become more dynamic. It's become more diverse. We're taking from the Democrats. We're taking from the independents. We have a lot more people. We have a lot more people. I mean, take a look at South Carolina. Look at the numbers. Look at the numbers from four years ago when nobody even wanted to waste their time and vote. And then you look at the - I was there. And you had lines that went a mile long, and it was virtually more than doubled. So we have a very, very dynamic party. And I think we're going to be able to unify the party. I hope to be able to get along with everybody. I don't know Paul Ryan well but I hope to be able to get along with him. I do know Mitch McConnell a little bit but I hope to be able to get along with him. But remember this, I have millions and millions and millions of people. This isn't like it's a close match. I mean, it's only too bad that winner didn't take all because if winner took all, this is over; we're just having a celebration. You know, we're having a celebration. So anyway, I would like to - look, I just want to end by thanking everybody. This has been an amazing period in my life. My wife just called, and Ivanka, as you know, is going to be having a baby very soon and she's a special person. It's going to be great and we look forward to that. She's back in New York. She wanted to be here. They all want to be here but they're with Ivanka now and that could be certainly within the next week. But this has been an amazing period of time. It's been amazing for me even from an educational standpoint. And I think honestly we've done something that almost nobody thought could be done and I'm very proud of it. And I just want to leave you with this: I am a unifier. I would love to see the Republican Party and everybody get together and unify. And when we unify, there's nobody - nobody - that's going to beat us. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you. 

What The Folly. 2016. “Donald Trump’s Speech on Super Tuesday.” 					Accessed March 18, 2016. http://www.whatthefolly.com/2016/03/02/transcript-donald-		trumps-speech-on-super-tuesday-part-1/