# LIVE： Trump Delivers Remarks at the 'Save America Rally' in Washington, D.C..opus
# Date: 2024
# Location: Washington, D.C.
# Event: Save America Rally
# Duration: 13863.8 seconds
# Source: LIVE： Trump Delivers Remarks at the 'Save America Rally' in Washington, D.C..opus
# Processed: 2025-08-22T21:12:43.005559
================================================================================

 I'm in the top of the earth, the side of the night's top right and bottom right. Yeah, I'm in the top of the moon. Yeah, here in the top of the corner, there's a piece of old toy. I'm in the top of the dance away. The side of the night's top right, I'm in the top. The side of the night's all over the corner. Yeah, yeah. strength strength strength of the American people strength strength of the American people strength of the American family We've seen grit, determination, optimism, hope We took the virus head on and now we're getting back to a normal life The second shift, the dance lessons, and Friday night football But some want to tear us down They don't believe in America's promise Their ideas would kill jobs and drag down our economy We'll never give up on America Not now, not ever Because now is a time to renew our faith Restore our safety We build our economy to keep winning We've faced our toughest challenge And we are overcoming just like we always do Because we believe in America Every night in my dreams I see you I feel you That is how I know you go Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to show you Go on Near Far Wherever you are I believe that's the heart of us You go on One small You open the door And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on And I can touch us one time And last for a very long time And never let go till we're gone Love was when I loved you One true time I hold you In my life with the words we grow up on What really matters is not where ever I go I believe that's the heart of us You go on One small You open the door And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on And I can touch you I believe that's the heart of us You go on Near Far across the distance And spaces between us You go We are saved for ever this way You are saved in my heart And my heart will go on and on And I can touch you Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Yeah Oh You are my fighter The one Desire believe When I say I want it that way But we are to work upon And reach to your home When you say that I wanted that way Tell me why he ain't nothing but a lonely day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day I want it that way And my heart will go on and on And reach to your home It's too late But I want it that way Tell me why he ain't nothing but a lonely day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why I never wanted you to say I want it that way From the way that it used to be No matter the distance I want you to know That you're down inside of me You are my fighter The one Desire You are I want it that way I want it that way And my heart will go on and on And reach to your home When you say that I wanted that way Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why I never wanted you to say I want it that way Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day Tell me why he ain't nothing but a day America demanded change Donald Trump wins the president's In change is what we got Under President Trump, America is stronger, safer, and more prosperous than ever before Look at that, the economy growing at a record 33.1%. It is over as an absolutely remarkable Latinos and women saw the biggest decreases in unemployment rate And ladies and gentlemen, the best is yet to come Ground control to major tongue Ground control to major tongue Ground control to major tongue Ground control to major tongue Take your protein pills and put your helmet on Ground control to major tongue Commencing countdown engines on To check ignition and make us love thee with you This is ground control to major tongue You've really made the prairie Under paper swung with a no-goos-y-sheet-wears Now it's time to leave the capsule and be a dare This is major tongue to ground control I'm stepping through the door I'm not voting in the most peculiar way And the stars look very different today For years I'm my sitting in a tin can Far above the wall One is a wrong-liss-blue, and there's nothing I can do I'm just 100,000 miles from feeling very scared I think my spaceship knows it's way too long Tell my wife I'm not for every moment she knows Tell my wife I'm not for every moment she knows Ground control to major tongue You've really made the prairie Under paper swung with a no-goos-y-sheet-wears Now it's time to leave the capsule and be a dare Can you hear them mighty tongue? Can you hear them mighty tongue? Can you hear them mighty tongue? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh One man dropped his blue and there's nothing I can do I'm not for every moment she knows Ground control to major tongue I'm not for every moment she knows Ground control to major tongue There is a house in your house It goes all the way as in summer It's been a good year I've been here for a while I've been here for a while It goes all the way as in summer It's been a good year I've been here for a while It goes all the way as in summer It goes all the way as in summer So if I do I'm no dearest to you My poor Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Katrina Pearson You, S-A So the president heard some patriots were coming to town And he looked at that and saw all you people online And all the pictures and the videos And guess what? Now he wants to be here with you Because he is the president of the people For many years Americans have taken the back seat to politicians, to special interests And then came Donald J. Trump And they couldn't believe it because we finally had someone that was going to put America first And I got to admit I don't think they thought he'd really do it But you know what they found out the hard way? Donald Trump doesn't play those games Because he doesn't owe anyone for getting him here Because you put him right here in the White House not once but twice We were all there through this 20-20 election cycle We've seen these crowds unlike Joe Biden and his six hula hoops The guy couldn't even get a thousand views online but we're supposed to believe That he had more votes than Barack Obama I mean come on, nobody really believes this crap But hey, there's something going on at the Capitol today And I don't think they can hear you This movement started over a decade ago Do I have any tea party people in the house? And even if they think for a second that they're going to get away with it today They got another thing coming Because today is just today And today is just the beginning I have probably crossed paths with all of you over the last ten years But I think those politicians down there, the Republican politicians down there Have forgotten what the tea party movement did back then See they forgot that Americans know their rights And Americans will stand up for themselves and protect their rights And they will demand that the politicians that we elect uphold those rights Or we will go after them So you better believe, oh the next two years We are watching today We are taking names today And I don't know, are you guys going to forget? Because today moving forward We have hundreds of days for them to hear from us For them to see us And for them to work on replacing them one by one if we have to This president has sacrificed everything for this country and has asked for nothing in return He loves the United States of America He loves God, he loves our flag, and he loves all of you And that's why we're all here today We love Trump And I gotta tell you, I've never seen someone fight so hard, so strong against everything Everything here and abroad just to provide and protect our basic values and principles that keep our nation free And our people able to go to church Because they have forgotten at the end of the day these politicians are not in charge They govern at the consent of the people We are revoking that consent moving forward and we are going to fight for our president We're going to fight for our country and I guarantee you in two years every politician that turns their back on our country will lose their seat Including Democrats So I am so excited to be here with all of you Being one of the original founders of the Tea Party movement, traveling to every state in this country meeting grassroots over the last 12 years has truly been my honor to do everything that I can to make your voices heard And I pledge to continue to doing that for all of you, for our children and our grandchildren because here's the deal guys, the left They go out there and they scream and cry and they whine But let me tell you, this is something they don't get either Let me tell you, they haven't seen a resistance until they have seen a patriot fight for their country Because we know how to fight for our country and we're not going to complain, we're not going to cry in the streets We're not going to go sit in, you're going to see us and you're going to hear us but we're going to be working We're going to fight in our state legislatures to get rid of electronic voting We want ballots, we want election integrity We want to restore the vote in our country because we all know, they all know, this election was severely compromised And we're going to make sure that that never happens again Because I can see from here all the way back, there are more of us than there are of them and they're about to see us coming So God bless you all for coming out here and I am just so honored to introduce your next speaker She is a woman that I have known for a very long time Who has fought for our country, been a voice for liberty, have stood up for all of those Republican candidates that the establishment tried to fight, tried to outfund And in some cases even supported Democrats to keep a conservative liberty Republican out of this city Amy Kramer is a woman who has this amazing organization called Women for America first But she was also the 2016 leader of Women for Trump She is fierce, she is a fighter, and after this election she took to the streets because that's what we do as patriots, we fight We don't sit around and wait for politicians to act or judges to act We the people are in control of the United States and we are going to remind everyone that we are still a constitutional republic and we will take our rights back Over the last two months this woman has traveled over 14,000 miles on this big red bus called March for Trump Have you heard about it? Going from city to city, town to town, in the snow, in the rain, working desperately to fight for all of you to give you a voice Ladies and gentlemen, today we are all in this together in this fight to restore America We will save America and Amy Kramer has been on the front lines and it is my pleasure to announce my friend and my sister in liberty, Amy Kramer Hello to the floor of the house! Oh my God, the sight to see, I mean like Katrina said, it's far back as I can see and I guess on all the side streets You know, this president hasn't asked for much from us, he's asked for a vote and he asked us to show up today and I don't think he's going to be disappointed You know, there's so much at stake today, we have been in the streets the past two months, there's a movement that has been born I come from the Tea Party movement and I'm asked all the time what happened to the Tea Party? Well, we're still here, we just grew and morphed into something bigger and better than mega movement and I am convinced that we're not for the Tea Party movement We would not have President Donald J. Trump today He has fought for us and he unlike any other president in our lifetime has put America first and how refreshing is that? We love him, I know you do, I just heard you chanting it and he loves us, he is putting our country in the American people first and Washington doesn't like it Why? Because they're in the back pockets of China and Russia and Ukraine We've got their number, we know what they're doing and I don't care what they say, sleepy Joe Biden did not win the selection I come from the great state of Georgia that we're learning just how corrupt we are right now But Sunday night before election day, I was in this little northwest town of Rome, Georgia We got there about noon that day and we saw thousands of people walking a mile over a mile to go see our president He was doing five rallies that day and Rome, Georgia was the fourth one I think he showed up there at 8.39 o'clock that night But all day we watched these men and women, two and three generations of families walking, pushing elderly people in their wheelchairs Elderly people on their walkers carrying their children on their shoulders All to see the president of the United States and they turned people away I think the auditorium or the airport took 40,000 people that night and they turned people away And after it was over, we watched them leave the airport and it took hours Tears running down their faces, their children asleep on their shoulders carrying their children walking People didn't get home until two or three in the morning The press likes to talk about how the people were stranded No, those people were stranded, they came there to see the president It took them longer to get out and it was worth every moment to see the president of the United States And we're seeing the same thing here again today But the thing is, you can't convince me after seeing those people in the crowds of that day And all those rallies leading up to election day You can't convince me that a man who can't feel six circles won this election There is no way And as I look out here today, this is probably the biggest party that the people have ever held for a president in the history of this country Hold your signs up, blubbing, let us see your signs You are amazing, Patriots, amazing It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter what the media says They can call him president elect, that doesn't make it so Right? We know that there was voter fraud, we absolutely know it And that's what we're here to stop the steal First they say there's no voter fraud, then they say there's no widespread voter fraud Stop So they can say that there's no voter fraud, but see, we know that there is We know that in Pennsylvania, 200,000 ballots, more than 200,000 ballots were returned that weren't set out We know there's voter fraud in Georgia, do you know yesterday that suitcases were sold out across the state of Georgia? And look what happened last night Just because the media doesn't tell you what's going on, doesn't make it not true Right? When a president's Trump's legacy is his exposure to the fake news media But that doesn't just mean wrong and inaccurate information, it's also the omission of information Right? But we're smarter than them, we've connected in other ways, we've connected via social media And now Big Tech is trying to silence us Facebook has shut us down, we're the group that started to stop the steal Facebook group The day after the election and within 22 hours it had over 365,000 members And when they shut it down 1.2 million members in the queue waiting to be added That's amazing, they've never seen anything like it in the tech world Then mail Trump shuts us down so we can't communicate with our supporters And then Eventbrite shuts us down, but they didn't just shut us down They returned all of the donations and then sent emails to everybody that it signed up telling them that it had been canceled But guess what? That didn't stop you, that didn't stop the people We showed up on November 14 because we love this country and we love the president of the United States They thought they were going to silence us, they thought they were going to stop us But then we came back again December 12 And another, approximately 1.5 million people showed up in Washington, D.C. Not because they thought they were going to hear from President Trump or C. President Trump, not because they thought they were going to hear from somebody with a Trump last name But because they love this country and they love this president and they are committed to standing for election and taberny and saving our republic So women from America first decided to get on a bus, the march for Trump bus and go across America And to take a little piece of everybody we came across and bring it here today to Washington, D.C. Like I said, the president has not asked for much but he asked us to show up today and we showed up And we are not going to back down, we're not going away You see, Republicans for years have been afraid of their own shadow They tuck tail and run anytime they see their shadow If nothing else, what Republicans should have learned is how to go on offense and win and fight back, punch back from Donald Trump He does up back down, he's not afraid of Republicans, he's not afraid of Democrats, he hasn't need anybody else's money He is fighting for me and you in Americans across this country and he needs us now just like we need him So for years as the Republicans over at the Capitol have been telling us they've been fighting for us What have they been doing? They've been crafting the terms and signing away our rights That's what they've been doing and they keep attacking our president and you know every time they attack him it's an attack on you and on him And I don't know about you but I'm sick of it So we are here, we're not going anywhere, we're not going to let them steal an election Because this isn't about stealing an election from Donald J Trump, this is about stealing an election from we the people And we are here to save the Republic You guys, we cannot back down, this is just the beginning, we have a lot of work to do You... We are not going to back down, are we? Keep up the fight, keep fighting for America, it's worth saving, I don't know about you but I don't want to learn to speak Chinese And I don't want that white house to turn red It is up to you and I to save this Republic and I am committed to doing that And I look forward to working with all of you across this nation for the next two years And let Republicans know we're coming for you and Democrats too And before I go, I just want to thank the women for America first team, they've done an amazing job They're not all up here today but we put in long hours on those buses, four weeks on the buses Spit Christmas away from our families but it was all worth it We're doing to get it a heartbeat, we're not going to stop fighting and we'll see you out on the trail God bless you all Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year Happy New Year Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome from the great state of Georgia, Representative Jones Hello America Hello America Hello for Donald Trump I'm honored to be here today and I want you to know I stand tall and I stand firm and I stand without president of the United States, Donald J. Trump He has been fighting for us, he has been fighting for America And that's why we're here today to show him that we are going to fight for him We're going to send a message to Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer and the entire Democratic Party They don't know they just have a waken or sleeping giant This party, the GOP is the grand old party But you know what, we're about to make this the grand new party We're going to bring in new ideas, we're going to bring in grand new people And we're going to come in and we're going to take our country back We believe in the tradition of values of the Constitution We're going to protect all of our members and clearly the Second Amendment I am so fired up for what happened in Georgia and what happened across this country I've been thinking a lot, I'm ready to go home I'm ready to go home to the party of Lincoln I'm ready to go home to the party of Frederick Douglass I'm ready to go home to the party of South Carolina Senator Kim Scott Today I'm coming home, I'm coming home to the grand old party I am officially joining the Republican Party I'm going to thank you for all you've done to influence me, to support me And give me the courage through my trials and tribulations fighting those demon Democrats I want to make clear about one thing, Donald Trump has just begun, I'm a part of his team And we're going to take back this country, we're going to take back America, peace out America Now, we're going to grab the general, wait for the voice of God Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome General Paxton, accompanied by Senator Paxton It is so awesome to be here, I want you to know the Texas fights We fought 12 straight lawsuits related to mail-in ballots, related to signature verification Federal court, state court, Travis County, Austin, Houston We fought, we won every single one of those cases And because of that, Donald Trump won Texas by over 600,000 votes And thank God for a legislature in Texas, like my senator, Angela Paxton, my wife, who put in place laws that protect against fraud One of the great things about the state of Texas is that we did not quit If you look at what Georgia did, they capitulated, they could send it, we kept fighting in Texas And then we had the opportunity to go fight in other states And we sued four states over the ballot fraud and not following the Constitution, not following state law And we took it directly to the Supreme Court and they should have heard our case And let me just finish up by saying that what we have in President Trump is a fighter And I think that's why we're all here, we believe in what he's accomplished over the last four years And because we're here today, the message goes on, we will not quit fighting We're Texans, we're Texans, we're Americans, and we're not quitting God bless you for being here today, God bless this great country we live in Thank you You You You You You The My You You Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Eric Trump. Good morning, America. How you guys doing? This is the greatest group of patriots ever put together. Guys, there is a person in the White House right there, my father, the 45th president of the United States. Who I promise will never, ever, ever stop fighting for you, never. And we as a family will never, ever stop fighting for you. We love this country. We love red, white, and blue. We love everything that this nation stands for. And guys, that's why we fight. That's why my father sends out a tweet. Patriots descend on Washington, D.C. And you look at the crowds out here today. It's absolutely incredible. I've got a question for you. Is there any person here that actually thinks that Joe Biden won this election? I don't either, guys. I don't either. I went all across the country everywhere I go. This guy couldn't fill up a classroom. And look at these crowds here. Look at these crowds here. He hides in his basement. No one buys it, guys. No one buys it. But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. They can lie. They can cheat. They can steal. My father has started a movement. And this movement will never, ever die. He will never die. This is a movement that will transcend him. It's a movement that will transcend all of us. And guys, we are going to keep America great because we live in the greatest country in the world. And we will never, ever, ever stop fighting. So I want to call up one person who's been a great fighter. She happens to be my beautiful wife. And I'm going to publicly put her on the spot right now. And tell her that she needs to run for a cent at Honey. I'm just kidding. Would anybody approve of that? It's pretty good, honey. Want to see the boards? Hey, everybody. How you doing? Ladies and gentlemen, let me just say this. You might hear otherwise from the mainstream media. You might hear otherwise from the Democrats. This fight has only just begun. Let's be very, very clear about that. And Eric said it. Our family didn't get in this fight for just four years. We are in this fight to the bitter end. We are going to take our country back. Okay. And before we go, there's something very important that I want to make sure everybody knows today. Today happens to be my husband's birthday. Honey, do you have any birthday present you would like from the United States of America? Well, I actually have one birthday present that I want from all the senators. And all the congressmen have some backbone. Show some fight. Learn from Donald Trump. He has more fighting than every other one combined. And they need to stand up. And we need to march on the Capitol today. And we need to stand up for this country. And we need to stand up for what's right. We love you, America. God bless you all. Can you guys help me say happy birthday to my husband. Happy birthday. Happy birthday to you. Thank you guys. We love you. Let's keep the fight going, America. Thank you. Kimberly, get up here. Does anybody know the great Kimberly Gofoil? We love her. She's been such a warrior. She's fought so hard. Take it away, Kimberly. Good morning, DC. Good morning, America. How do we feel this morning? And how much do we love President Trump? We love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. It's a great country that is fought for the America. Thank you President Trump. And we will continue to hold the line across this incredible country because we finally had a president in the White House that knows what it means to put America first. A president that understands what it means to have open schools and not open borders who restored the greatness of the American military, who stands for veterans, who stands for law enforcement and the American family. He is the president that humiliated the Democratic machine in 2016 and turned the swamp upside down and he will continue to fight for that dream. He will continue to save America. We will continue to stand for President Trump, stand with him and for this country. We will not allow the liberals and the Democrats to steal our dream or steal our elections. No president has fought harder than President Trump and his incredible family and it's been an honor to stand and fight alongside them. And we have a president that understands what it means to stand for the second amendment for your rights, for the Constitution, to stand for life. And it gives me great pleasure to be able to stand and fight throughout this country with one of the greatest Americans I have the pleasure to know. And that is Donald Trump Jr. The President's son, let's give him a warm welcome and let show the President when he comes how much we love him. God bless America, God bless our President and ladies and gentlemen, the best is yet to come. Hello, patriots. Hey guys, you actually all did something I didn't realize was possible. I'm looking at the crowd here and the tens of thousands, probably hundred thousand plus people here. And you did it all without burning down buildings. You did it without redpin down churches. Without looting. I didn't know that that was possible. But according to the media, when you have a large gathering of peaceful protesters, they're supposed to burn it all down. And as we can do it right, but the fact that you are all here on this rather cold January day tells me all I need to know. And it should be a message to all the Republicans who have not been willing to actually fight. The people who did nothing to stop this deal. This gathering should send a message to them. This isn't their Republican party anymore. This is Donald Trump's Republican party. This is the Republican party that will put America first. This is the Republican party that will fight for the American worker. This is the Republican party that's not just going to roll over and die because the Democrats would like you to. No, we've seen that, guys. We've seen that we've been our own worst enemy. All you got to do is look to Georgia where you had Republican saying, well, I don't like the way the game is played. So let's take our ball and go home. So, guys, hey, guess what? That was music to Chuck Schumer's ears. That was music to Nancy Pelosi's ears. And that is what so many in the Republican establishment have created that sort of mentality. Okay, we'll turn the other cheek. We'll roll over and die. We'll fold and give up. No more. So, to those Republicans, many of which may be voting on things in the coming hours, you have an opportunity today. You can be a hero or you can be a zero. And the choice is yours, but we are all watching. The whole world is watching, folks. Choose wisely because if you just roll over, if you don't fight in the face of glaring irregularities, it's statistical impossibilities. That's right, guys. That's the message. I'm going to be in your backyard in a couple of months. Guys like Scott here. I can't go through the whole list because I don't have 45 minutes to go through all the patriots that have been fighting, that have been on the ground, that have mobilized to put good Republicans in those positions. That's what folks. If you're going to be the zero and not the hero, we're coming for you and we're going to have a good time doing it. We got to start fighting like the Democrats do. We got to play their game. We got to take their fight to them their way. Our reluctance to do that over the last few decades is why we are in the position that we are in. Today, Republicans, you get to pick a side for the future of this party. Again, I suggest you choose wisely. Kimberly, thank you for all of your fight. How can you do folks? One of the great fighters out there to my family, to my father, but most importantly, to all of you red-blooded patriotic Americans. Thank you for being in this fight with us. Thank you for standing up to the bullshit. A man and a woman. Now, I know. But that shows you literally the mentality of where the Democrat party is. I think I put it up on my Instagram, which is being censored the hell right now, but like I put it up yesterday. They spent money on a study that came to the incredible conclusion yesterday that trans women playing in female sports have a competitive advantage. No shit. Who could have seen that coming? I had no idea. I'm glad we spent probably millions figuring that out. Just like I'm thrilled that we spent 10 million to Pakistan on gender studies because I'm sure they care. And billions elsewhere on nonsense. That is driven by the insanity of the left folks, and we have to stand up for it. No one cares how you identify, but you don't have to do the nonsense that follows. And what I want to know is in these sort of things, where are the people? We need to be the party of common sense. We need to be the party of reason. We need to be the party of our values that we also dear that made America the greatest country in the world. And you guys are part of that movement. Stay loud. Don't be suppressed. Don't be putting your corner. Don't let them cancel you. Trust me. I've been canceled 17 times since I started this speech. I promise you. Once it happens, it's rather freeing. And you can kind of do what you want. Don't let them do it to you. Stand up and fight. Stand up and hold your representatives accountable. And when you do, we can keep America great. Thank you, Patriots. Thank you, America. Keep fighting. Thank you, guys. I want to hear those changes. I'm left to scar you. I want to see you smile. I want to see you smile. I want to see you smile. You're a blue bird. I'm a telegram. I'm a red-eyed man. You can't go around without change. I'm a damn old man there. You'll be a bad mom hat. You can't love my piece in my head. You're not a telegram. I'm not a fine cop. You're a blue bird. I'm a man. I'll say I want to learn to do what God does. I'm not becoming a host. I'll split my mind. Love my piece in my head. I'm a blue bird. I'm a blue bird. I'm a blue bird. I'm a blue bird. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome congressman Madison, Cawthorn Wow, this crowd has some fighting and I am so thankful that you're generous to your one of you come You know, I just rolled down from the Capitol building about two miles away down Pennsylvania Avenue And I will tell you the courage that I see in this crowd is not represented on that hill My friends I will tell you right now that there is a new Republican party rising The founders of our great country saw to it That the people who can send to be governed should have a voice in that government But my friends the Democrats with all the fraud they have done in this election the Republicans hiding and not fighting They are trying to silence your voice Make no mistake about it. They do not want you to be heard But my friends right look out this crowd. I can confidently say this crowd has the voice of Lions There is a new Republican party on the rise that will represent this country that will go and fight in Washington DC I'll tell you I see so many of my friends who are up in Congress with me who are about to go back to that Capitol Hill And at 12 o'clock today, we will be contesting the election But my friends bear in mind there is a significant portion of our party that says we should just sit idly by and sit on our hands They have no backbone My friends I encourage you continue to make your voice heard because do we love Donald Trump? But my friends we're not doing this just for Donald Trump. We are doing this for the Constitution Our Constitution was violated You know if I knew that a city clerk and a city caught with my name named Madison can overturn a state legislator and Alter the course of an election. Well, hell I'm out of ran for a different office My friends I encourage you go back to your states after today hold your represented as accountable Make sure that they stood up for election integrity and make your voices heard My friends I want you to chant with me so loud that the cowards on white Washington DC that I served with can hear you While I leave let's get a chance of Donald Trump knows who supports him USA Thank you all God I I Corp or perhaps an age limit in place instead of a lifetime appointment I said everything is on the table, but if we win the majority everything is on the table Change is coming to America The blue wave is The those who are documented and undocumented we win these races in Georgia so that we don't have to negotiate That's their goal Total radical control to bring horrific change to America only Georgians can stop them Nobody can save God on the military Rafael Warnock attacks our military Police power the kind of Folk mentality Warnock attacks our police Rafael Warnock is dangerous no wonder he defended this Now my hope is that In early January Democrats will pick up two more seats in the Georgia runoffs And that will make our life a lot easier You Don't This kind of politics you're not just going to be You're going to get beat so bad You can never run for sure your face again And probably Because we have Not to be Unnuff Of what we are getting from Donald Trump and his fellow talent right now You're not just going to be You're going to get beaten so bad you can never run or show your face again and probably You're going to be You're going to be You're going to be You're going to be You're going to be I'm not watching there watching I'm smoking here Stop, friend of you Who let's send you down to war I'm going to ask you how much I could give who's going to answer all my questions. Jamie, Jamie, I'm on the list. I'm on the list. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome America's Mayor Rudy Giuliani, accompanied by Professor John Eastman. Hello, everyone. We're here just very briefly to make a very important two points. Number one, every single thing that has been outlined as the plan for our day is perfectly legal. I have Professor Eastman here with me to say a few words about that. He's one of the preeminent constitutional scholars in the United States. It is perfectly appropriate given the questionable constitutionality of the election counting act of 1887 that the vice president can cast it aside. And he can do what a president called Jefferson did when he was vice president. He can decide on the validity of these crooked ballots or he can send it back to the legislatures, give them five to ten days to finally finish the work. We now have letters from five legislatures begging us to do that. They're asking us Georgia, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Wisconsin, and one other coming in. So it seems to me we don't want to find out three weeks from now, even more proof that this election was stolen, do we? So it is perfectly reasonable and fair to get ten days and you should know this. The Democrats and their allies have not allowed us to see one machine or one paper ballot. Now if they ran such a clean election, why wouldn't they make all the machines available immediately? If they ran such a clean election, they'd have you come in and look at the paper ballots. Who hides evidence? Criminals hide evidence. Not honest people. So over the next ten days, we get to see the machines that are crooked, the ballots that are fraudulent, and if we're wrong, we will be made fools of. But if we're right, a lot of them will go to jail. So let's have trial by combat. I'm willing to stake my reputation. The president is willing to stake his reputation on the fact that we're going to find criminality there. It's Joe Biden willing to stake his reputation that there's no crime there. No. Also, last night, one of the experts that has examined these crooked dominion machines has absolutely what he believes is conclusive proof that in the last ten percent, fifteen percent of the vote counted, the votes were deliberately changed by the same algorithm that was used in cheating President Trump and Vice President Pence. Same algorithm, same system, same thing was done with the same machines. You noticed they were ahead until the very end, right? Then you noticed there was a little gap. One was ahead by three percent, the other was ahead by two percent, and gone, gone, they were even. He can take you through that and show you how they program that machine from the outside to accomplish that. And they've been doing it for years to favor the Democrats. It is a matter of scientific proof. We need two days to establish that. It would be a shame if that gets established after it's over, wouldn't it be? This was the worst election in American history. This election was stolen in seven states. They picked states where they had crooked democratic cities, where they could push everybody around, and it has to be vindicated to save our republic. This is bigger than Donald Trump. It's bigger than you and me. It's about these monuments and what they stand for. This has been a year in which they have invaded our freedom of speech, our freedom of religion, our freedom to move, our freedom to live. I'll be darned if they're going to take away our free and fair vote. And we're going to fight to the very end to make sure that doesn't happen. Let me ask Professor Eastman to explain as easily as we can. I know this is complicated, but what happened last night, how they cheated and how it was exactly the same as what they did on November 3rd. America is mayor. Wonderful. Hello, America. Sorry, I had to say that. Look, we've got petitions pending before the Supreme Court that identify in chapter in verse the number of times state election officials ignored or violated they state law in order to put vice president Biden over the finish line. We know there was fraud, traditional fraud that occurred. We know that dead people voted. But we now know because we caught it live last time in real time how the machines contributed to that fraud. And let me as simply as I can explain it, you know the old way was to have a bunch of ballots sitting in a box under the floor. And when you needed more, you pulled them out in the dark of night. They put those ballots in a secret folder in the machines sitting there waiting until they know how many they need. And then the machine after the close up polls we now know who's voted and we know who hasn't. And I can now in that machine match those unvoted ballots with an unvoted voter and put them together in the machine. And how do we know that we have to have a vote in the machine. And if you have a vote in the machine, you can have a vote in the machine. And then the last one that happened last night in real time you saw when it got to 99% of the vote total and then it stopped. The percentage stopped, but the votes didn't stop. What happened and you don't see this on Fox or any other stations, but the data shows that the denominator how many ballots remain to be counted. How many ballots remain to be counted? And then the last one that's been reported on the chart is you don't see this on the chart. And then the last one that's been reported moving up, that means they were unloading the ballots from that secret folder, matching them, matching them to the unvoted voter. And voila, we have enough votes to barely get over to finish line. We saw it happened in real time last night and it happened on November 3rd as well. And all we are demanding a vote is not the vote on the numbers. We can't get the answer to this. And if you think we can't get the answer to this question. We can't get the answer to this question. This is bigger than President Trump. It is a very essence of our not willing to stand up to do it does not deserve to be in the office. It is that simple. God bless you. And thank you so much for your support. I know the courage it takes to be out there. I know how you get ridiculed. I know how they try to take jobs away from you but you look in the mirror every night and you say to yourself I'm doing the right thing for myself, for my family, for my children and most importantly for the United States of America. What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people. For too long a small group in our nation's capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. That all changes starting right here and right now. The United mind at the side is running through slain and through time. All time you know I'm a survival baby. What's a flat guy is a bitch of a sweet. What's he count down to the end of the day in the clock. Fixed like the way it's so. But what if we are the end of the world? I think the fact that we're going to win the job. We're trying to hold on but you can't even know for a while. Are you I can feel it coming in the air tonight. Oh, love. And I'm in waiting for a swimmer to throw my life. Oh, love. Can you feel it coming in the air tonight? Oh, love. Oh, love. Will you told me you were trying? I would have done in the hands. I'm seeing your face before my friend. But I don't know if you know who I am. Love is so much to do. So little amount to twice. It's too you can wipe out that grin. I know where you've been. It's all about the lies. I can feel it coming in the air tonight. Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. I can feel it coming in the air tonight. Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? But I know the reason why you gave me silence. I'm a little weird and foolish. But I haven't done the show. But the pain is to grow some strength as you and me. I'm the winner of the whole world in the air tonight. Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. I can feel it coming in the air tonight. Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Oh, love. Will I be waiting for a swimmer to throw my life? Mmmm. She was more like a baby queen from a movie scene. She had done my brother do you mean I am the one? I got good dance with a blow right in the round. She said I am the one. I got good dance with a blow right in the round. She told me her name would be Jeanne as she calls to sing. Then I have you here to the ice cream and be in the one. I got good dance with a blow right in the round. She said I am the one. I got good dance with a blow right in the round. She told me her name would be Jeanne as she calls to sing. Then I have you here to the ice cream and be in the one. I got good dance with a blow right in the round. Something must grow your voice. Just remember to always say twice. Do this, do this, rise. She told my baby there's three things you need. Then you ought to know that baby rises high and high. Do this, oh Lord, you're the one. I think we're all so old, me and be careful what to do. Don't throw around big and young girls' hearts. We don't even know you. I must have seen the student behind me, because I smell as we don't know. I miss him and I miss him. I see the woman she told me to. Then she's like my love. She just said, girl, give them all I will do for them. The chair that's on my side. Don't throw around big and young girls' hearts. I see the woman she told me to. Then I have you here to the ice cream and be in the one. The chair that's on my side. She said, girl, give them all I will do for them. The chair that's on my side. She just said, girl, give them all I will do for them. The chair that's on my side. She's like my love. She don't want to know. She's like my love. She said, girl, give them all I will do for them. The chair that's on my side. The chair that's on my side. The chair that's on my side. The chair that's on my side. And I have you here to the ice cream. The chair that's on my side. We are going to pick up the two strong in I sing in a smokey room. I smell a wine and sheep perfume. For a smile they can share the night. It goes on and on and on and on. It's dangerous waiting. Looking down the pool they found their shadows. Said I'd cheer in the night. Sleep, let's be better. Living is the final moment I'm outing. Somewhere in the night. Nice still dance. Welcome to my資. Everybody want to heal, Some are wearing some blue Some are ball your sing up blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And on and on, strangers waiting And the food you bought were shadows So take it down Sleep like people And just find the bloodshed and love it Some wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it Some are wearing some blue What a movie man that is if you're falling on And just find the bloodshed and love it There's me, there's me, there's me, I'm not watching it There's me, there's me, I'm not watching it There's me, there's me, I'm not watching it Now I've heard there was a secret course That David played and it pleased the Lord But you don't really get some use into it It goes like this, the fourth, the fifth The mind of falling, the major lift The baffled game controls the high and the blue bell High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah You say I took the name and name I don't even know the name But if I did, well really what's it to me There's a blaze of light in every word It doesn't matter what you heard The holy or the broken high and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah I did my best, it wasn't much I couldn't feel so I tried to touch I told the truth, I didn't come to for you And even though it all went wrong I was standing before the Lord of the Son With nothing on my tongue But how did we hear? High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah High and the blue yeah You're a man of love, a man of love, a man of love. He's something that he said, all the voices in your bed, holding glory on. Oh, glory on. Don't you think you're falling? If everybody wants you, why is it anybody crawling? You don't have to answer. We've been begging on the left, I'm falling more in your heart. Oh, glory on. I think they got to know me. I think they got to know me. But you've been living on. But you're really knowing that. What's something that they said, all the voices in your bed, holding glory on. Oh, glory on. I was a girl that go down. Will you meet him on the day night? Oh, will you get you on your rebound? Will you marry for the money? Take the love on him, they have to know me. Will you live a sense of stepping away? Don't believe it's coming back soon. And you're living on the path. Oh, is it something that they said, all the voices in your bed, holding glory on. Oh, glory on. Don't you think they got it? If never, one of them wants you, why is it anybody crawling? You don't have to answer. We've been begging on the left, I'm falling more in your heart. Oh, glory on. I think they got it number. I think they got it. Yeah, glory on. That you've been living on. But you've been living on. What's something that they said, all the voices in your bed, holding glory on. Oh, glory on. Oh, glory on. Don't you think they got it? Oh, glory on. Oh, glory on. Oh, glory on. Oh, glory on. . . . Will And there was work until you were brave and that's it. You want me to breath now and they made you change and be. And it seems to me you lived your life like a candle and a blanket. Never know who to think when the rain said it. And I would like to know you but I would just be. You can never knock on the floor and imagine everything. Nothing to ask is tell. Tell the girl you're ill to blame. Hollywood creators superstar. Painless surprise you pay. You can't even die. For the press still how many you follow papers had to say. And it seems to me you lived your life like a candle and a blanket. And there was work until you were brave and that's it. And I would like to know you but I would just be. And I would like to know you but I would just be. If I'm on the team, no one ever knew you would all know you had the grace to hold yourself. My doors around you are warm. You do not know what you need to do. You're my only friend and second bro. You see you are stronger than the second. You are the only one ever knew you had the grace to hold yourself. And I would like to know you but I would just be. And I would like to know you but I would just be. You can't even burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You're the only one ever knew you had the grace to hold yourself. And I would like to know you but I would just be. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. You can't burn down the floor. And I would like to know you but I would like to know you but I would just be. It's not that bad I'm just being a bit of a bit of a bit of a stone. I was the bit of speed. It's not that bad I'm just being a bit of a bit of a stone. Right, just being a bit of a bit of a stone. Being a bit of a bit of a stone. Being a bit of a stone. I was the bit of a bit of a stone. I was the bit of a bit of a stone. I was the bit of a bit of a stone. I was the bit of a bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. I was the bit of a stone. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the 45th president of the United States of America. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. President Donald J. Trump. Even without an order, the number of fraudulent ballots that we've identified across the state is staggering. Over 10,300 ballots in Georgia were cast by individuals whose names and dates of birth matched Georgia residents who died in 2020 and prior to the election. And 2,500 ballots were cast by individuals whose names and dates of birth matched incarcerated felons in Georgia prison, people who are not allowed to vote. More than 4,500 illegal ballots were cast by individuals who do not appear on the state's own voter rolls. Over 18,000 illegal ballots were cast by individuals who registered to vote using an address listed as vacant according to the Postal Service. At least 88,000 ballots in Georgia were cast by people whose registrations were illegally backdated. 66,000 votes each one of these is far more than we need. 66,000 votes in Georgia were cast by individuals under the legal voting age and at least 15,000 ballots were cast by individuals who moved out of the state prior to the November 3rd election. They say they moved right back. They moved right back. Oh, they moved out. They moved right back. They missed Georgia so much. I do. I love Georgia. But it's a corrupt system. Despite all of this, the margin in Georgia is only 11,770. Each and every one of these issues is enough to give us a victory in Georgia. A big, beautiful victory. Make no mistake. This election was stolen from you, from me, and from the country. And not a single swing state had conducted a comprehensive audit to remove the illegal ballots. This should absolutely occur in every single contested state before the election is certified. In the state of Arizona, over 36,000 ballots were illegally cast by non-citizens. 2,000 ballots were returned with no address. More than 22,000 ballots were returned before they were ever supposedly mailed out. They returned, but we haven't mailed them yet. 11,600 more ballots and votes were counted. More than there were actual voters. You see that? So you have more votes again than you have votes. 150,000 people registered in Maya Copa County after the registration deadline. 103,000 ballots in the county were sent for electronic adjudication with no Republican observers. In Clark County, Nevada, the accuracy settings on signature verification machines were purposely lowered before they were used to count over 130,000 ballots. If you signed your name as Santa Claus, it would go through. There were also more than 42,000 double votes in Nevada. Over 150,000 people were hurt so badly by what took place. And 1,500 ballots were cast by individuals whose names and dates of birth matched Nevada residents who died in 2020 prior to November 3rd election. More than 8,000 votes were cast by individuals who had no address and probably didn't live there. The margin in Nevada is down at a very low number. Any of these things would have taken care of the situation. We would have won Nevada also. Every one of these were going over. We win. In Michigan quickly, the Secretary of State, a real great one. Blood of the state with unsolicited mail-in ballot applications sent to every person on the rolls in direct violation of state law. More than 17,000 Michigan ballots were cast by individuals whose names and dates of birth matched people who were deceased. In Wayne County, that's a great one. That's Detroit. 174,000 ballots were counted without being tied to an actual registered voter. Nobody knows where they came from. Also in Wayne County, Paul Watches observed, canvassers, re-scanning batches of ballots over and over again up to three or four or five times. In Detroit, turnout was 139% of registered voters. Think of that. So you got 139% of the people in Detroit voting. This is in Michigan. Detroit Michigan, a career employee of the Detroit City of Detroit testified under penalty of perjury that he went to city workers, coaching voters, about straight Democrat while accompanying them to watch. Who they voted for. When a Republican came in, they wouldn't talk to them. The same worker was instructed not to ask for any voter ID and not to attempt to validate any signatures if they were Democrats. She also told to illegally and was told back-date ballots received after the deadline and reports that thousands and thousands of ballots were improperly backdated. That's Michigan. Four witnesses have testified under penalty of perjury that after officials in Detroit announced the last votes had been counted. Tens of thousands of additional ballots arrived without required envelopes. Every single one was for a Democrat. I got no votes. At 6.31am in the early morning hours after voting at end of Michigan suddenly reported 147,000 votes and astounding 94% went to Joe Biden, who campaigned brilliantly from his basement. Only a couple of percentage points went to Trump. Such gigantic and one-sided vote dumps were only observed in a few swing states and they were observed in the states where it was necessary. You know what's interesting. President Obama beat Biden in every state other than the swing states where Biden killed them but the swing states were the ones that mattered. There are always just enough to push Joe Biden barely into the lead. We were ahead by a lot and within the number of hours we were losing by a little. In addition, there is the highly troubling matter of dominion voting systems. In one Michigan county alone, 6,000 votes were switched from Trump to Biden and the same systems are used in the majority of states in our country. Senator William Ligon, a great gentleman, chairman of Georgia Senate Judiciary Subcommittee, Senator Ligon highly respected. On elections, as written a letter describing his concerns with dominion in Georgia, he wrote and I quote the dominion voting machines employed in Folkham County had an astronomical and astounding 93.67% array. It's only wrong 93% of the time. In the scanning of ballots requiring a review paddle to adjudicate or determine the voter's interest in over 106,000 ballots out of a total of 113,000. Think of it. You go in and you vote and then they tell people who you're supposed to be voting for. They make up whatever they want. Nobody's ever even heard. They adjudicate your vote. They say, well, we don't think Trump wants to vote for Trump. We think you want to vote for Biden. Put it down for Biden. The national average for such an array is far less than 1% and yet you're at 93%. The source of this astronomical error must be identified to determine if these machines were set up or destroyed to allow for a third party to disregard the actual ballot cast by the registered voter. The letter continues. There is clear evidence that tens of thousands of votes were switched from President Trump to former Vice President Biden in several counties in Georgia. For example, in Bip County, President Trump was reported to have 29,391 votes at 9.11 PM Eastern time. While simultaneously Vice President Joe Biden was reported to have 17,213 minutes later, just minutes. At the next update, these vote numbers switched with President Trump going way down to 17,000 and Biden going way up to 29,391. That was very quick, a 12,000 vote switch all in Mr. Biden's favor. I could go on and on about this fraud that took place at every state and all of these legislatures want this back. I don't want to do it to you because I love you and it's freezing out here. But I could just go on forever. I can tell you this. So when you hear, when you hear, while there is no evidence to prove any wrongdoing, this is the most fraudulent thing anybody said, this is a criminal enterprise. And the press will say, and I'm sure they won't put any of that on there because that's still good. You ever see, while there is no evidence to back President Trump's assertion, I could go on for another hour reading this stuff to you and telling you about it. There's never been anything like it. Think about it. Detroit had more votes than it had voters. Pennsylvania had 205,000 more votes than it had more. But you don't have to go any, that's between that. I think that's almost better than dead people, if you think, right? More votes than the head voters and many other states also. It's a disgrace at the United States of America. Tens of millions of people are allowed to go vote without so much as even showing identification. In no state, is there any question or effort made to verify the identity, citizenship, residency, or eligibility of the votes cast? The Republicans have to get tougher. You're not going to have a Republican party if you don't get tougher. They want to play so straight, they want to play so, sir, yes, the United States. The Constitution doesn't allow me to send them back to this state. Well, I say, yes, it does, because the Constitution says you have to protect our country and you have to protect our Constitution. And you can't vote on fraud. And fraud breaks up everything, doesn't it? When you catch somebody in a fraud, you're allowed to go by very different rules. So I hope Mike has the courage to do what he has to do. He's going to be a citizen to the rhinos and the stupid people that he's listening to. It is also widely understood that the voter rolls are crammed full of non-citizens, felons, and people who have moved out of state and individuals who are otherwise ineligible to vote. Yet Democrats oppose every effort to clean up their voter rolls. They don't want to clean them up. They're loaded. And here, no other people that when the hundreds of thousands and then millions of ballots got sent out, got three, four, five, six, and I heard one, who got seven ballots. And then they say, you didn't quite make it, sir. We won in a landslide. This was a landslide. They said it's not American to challenge the election. This is the most corrupt election in the history. Maybe in the world. You know, you could go third world countries, but I don't think they had hundreds of thousands of votes, and they don't have voters for them. I mean, no matter where you go, nobody would think this fact. It's so agreecious. It's so bad that a lot of people don't even believe it. It's so crazy that people don't even believe it. It can't be true. So they don't believe it. This is not just a matter of domestic politics. This is a matter of national security. So today, in addition to challenging the certification of the election, I'm calling on Congress and the state legislatures to quickly pass sweeping election reforms, and you better do it before we have no country left. Today is not the end. It's just the beginning. With your help over the last four years, we built the greatest political movement in the history of our country, and nobody even challenges that. I say that over and over, and I never get challenged by the fake news, and they challenge almost everything we say. But our fight against the big donors, big media, big tech, and others is just getting started. This is the greatest in history. There's never been a movement like that. You look back there all the way to the Washington Monument. It's hard to believe. We must stop the steel, and then we must ensure that such outrageous election fraud never happens again, can never be allowed to happen again. We're going forward. We'll take care of going forward. We got to take care of going back. Don't let them talk. Okay, well, we promise I've had a lot of people. Sir, you're 96% for four years. I said, I'm not interested right now. I'm interested in right there. With your help, we will finally pass powerful requirements for voter ID. You need an ID to cash a check. You need an ID to go to a bank to buy alcohol to drive a car. Every person should need to show an ID in order to cast the most important thing of vote. We will also require proof of American citizenship in order to vote in American elections. We will have a good victory in court on that one, actually. We will ban ballot harvesting and prohibit the use of unsecured drop boxes to commit rampant fraud. These drop boxes are fraudulent. They're fraud. They get disappeared. And then all of a sudden they show up. It's fraudulent. We will stop the practice of universal unsolicited mail and balloting. We will clean up the voter rolls that ensure that every single person who casts a vote is a citizen of our country, a resident of the state in which they vote. And their vote is cast in a lawful and honest manner. We will restore the vital civic tradition of in person voting on election day so that voters can be fully informed when they make their choice. We will finally hold big tech accountable and if these people had courage and guts they would get rid of section 230, something that no other company, no other person in America in the world has. All of these tech monopolies are going to abuse their power and interfere in our elections and it has to be stopped. And the Republicans have to get a lot tougher and so should the Democrats. They should be regulated, investigated, and brought to justice under the fullest extent of the law. They're totally breaking the law. Together we will drain the Washington swamp and we will clean up the corruption in our nation's capital. We have done a big job on it but you think it's easy? It's a dirty business. It's a dirty business. We have a lot of bad people out there. Despite everything we've been through looking out all over this country and seeing fantastic crowds, although this I think is our all-time record. I think you have 250,000 people. 250,000. Looking out at all the amazing patriots here today. I have never been more confident in our nation's future. Well, I have to say we have to be a little bit careful. That's a nice statement but we have to be a little careful with that statement. If we allow this group of people to illegally take over our country because it's illegal when the votes are illegal, when the way they got there is illegal, when the states that vote are given false and fraudulent information. We are the greatest country on earth and we are headed and we're headed in the right direction. You know the wall is built. We're doing record numbers at the wall. Now they want to take down the wall. Let's let everyone flow it. That's not everybody flow it. We did a great job in the wall. Remember the wall they said it could never be done. We are one of the largest infrastructure projects we've ever had in this country and it's had a tremendous impact that we got rid of catch and release. But now the caravans, I think Biden is getting in. The caravans are forming again. They want to come in again and rip off our country. As this enormous crowd shows we have truth and justice on our side. We have a deep and enduring love for America in our hearts. We love our country. We have overwhelming pride in this great country and we have a deep in our souls. Together we are determined to defend and preserve government of the people, by the people and for the people. Our brightest days are before us. Our greatest achievements still wait. I think one of our greatest achievements will be election security because nobody until I came along at any idea how corrupt our elections were. And again most people would stay there at 9 o'clock in the evening and say I want to thank you very much and they go off to some other life. But I said something's wrong here. Something's really wrong. Can't have happened and we fight. We fight like hell and if you don't fight like hell you're not going to have a country anymore. Our exciting adventures and boldest endeavors have not yet begun. My fellow Americans for our movement, for our children and for our beloved country. And I say this despite all that's happened the best is yet to come. So we're going to walk down Pennsylvania Avenue. I love Pennsylvania and we're going to the Capitol and we're going to try and give the Democrats a hopeless they never voted for anything. Not even one vote but we're going to try and give our Republicans the weak ones because the strong ones don't need any of our help. We're going to try and give them the kind of pride and boldness that they need to take back our country. So let's walk down Pennsylvania Avenue. I want to thank you all. God bless you and God bless America. Thank you all for being here. This is incredible. Thank you very much. Thank you all. Thank you all. Thank you all. Thank you all. Thank you all. Thank you all. Thank you all.