# CPAC Speech
# Speaker: Donald Trump
# Date: 2021-03-01
# Location: Conservative Political Action Conference
# Political Phase: Post-Presidency Period (2021-2024)
# Historical Significance: Critical - First post-presidency appearance
# Speech Purpose: Post-presidency positioning and messaging
# Duration: 5695.4 seconds
# Source: President Trump CPAC 2021 Full Speech I NewsNOW from FOX.opus
# Processed: 2025-08-22T22:55:00.030656
================================================================================

 Thank you very much. See, Pack, do you miss me yet? Do you miss me? A lot of things going on. There's so many wonderful friends, conservatives and fellow citizens in this room all across our country. I stand before you today to declare that the incredible journey we begun together. We went through a journey like nobody else has never been a journey like it. There's never been a journey so successful. We began it together for you. So, and it is far from being over. Our movement of crowd, hard work, and you know what this is? The hardest working people, hard working American patriots, is just getting started. And in the end, we will win. We will win. We've been doing a lot of winning. As we gather this week, we're in the middle of a historic struggle for America's future. America's culture and America's institutions, borders and most cherished principles. Our security, our prosperity and our very identity as Americans is at stake, like perhaps at no other time. So no matter how much the Washington establishment and the powerful special interests may want to silence us, let there be no doubt. We will be victorious and America will be stronger and greater than ever before. I want to thank my great friends, Matt and Mercedes-Schlam. Thank you, Mercedes, thank you very much. And the American Conservative Union for hosting this extraordinary event. They're talking about it all over the world, Matt. I know you don't like it. Okay. All over the world. I also want to pay my love and respect to the great Rush Limbaugh. Who is watching closely and smiling down enough? He's watching and he's loving it and he loves Catherine. Catherine, thank you for being here. So great. Thank you, Catherine. We love you, Catherine. I won't touch you back. No, fantastic. Thank you, Catherine very much. To each and every one of you here at C-Pack, I am more grateful to you than you will ever know. We're gathered this afternoon to talk about the future of our movement, the future of our party, and the future of our beloved country. For the next four years, the brave Republicans in this room will be at the heart of the effort to oppose the radical Democrats, the fake news media, and their toxic cancel culture. Something new to our ears, cancel culture. And I want you to know that I'm going to continue to fight right by your side. We will do what we've done right from the beginning, which is the win. We're not starting new parties. You know, they kept saying, he's going to start a brand new party. We have the Republican Party. It's going to unite and be strong with it ever before. I am not starting a new party. That was fake news. Fake news now. Wouldn't that be brilliant? Let's start a new party and let's divide our vote so that you can never win. No, we're not interested in that. Now, we have tremendous Mr. McLaughlin just gave me numbers that nobody's ever heard of before. More popular than anybody. That's all of them. Those are great numbers. And I want to thank you very much. Those are incredible numbers. I came here and he would give me 95%, 97%, 92%. I said they're great. And I want to thank everybody in this room and everybody all throughout the country, throughout the world, if you want to really know the truth. Thank you, George. Thank you. We will be united and strong like never before. We will save and strengthen America and we will fight the onslaught of radicalism, socialism, and indeed it all leads to communism once and for all. That's what it leads to. You'll be hearing more and more about that as we go along, but that's what it leads to. You know that. We all knew that the Biden administration was going to be bad, but none of us even imagined just how bad they would be and how far left they would go. He never talked about this. We would have those wonderful debates. He would never talk about this. We didn't know what the hell he was talking about actually. His campaign was all lies. He talked about energy. I thought I said, you know, this guy actually, he's okay with energy. He wasn't okay with energy. He wants to put you all out of business. He's not okay with energy. He wants windmills, the windmills, the windmills that don't work when you need him. Joe Biden has had the most disastrous first month of any president in modern history. That's true. Already the Biden administration has proven that they are anti-jobs. Anti-family, anti-borders, anti-energy, anti-women and anti-science. In just one short month, we have gone from America first to America last. You think about it, right? America last. There is no better example than the new and horrible crisis on our southern border. We did such a good job and was all worked. Nobody's ever seen anything like we did now. We want an oil to go to hell. When I left office just six weeks ago, we had created the most secure border in U.S. history. We had built almost 500 miles of the Great Border Wall that helped us with these numbers because once it's up, you know, they used to say, the wall doesn't work well. You know what I've always said? Walls and wheels. Those are two things that will never change. The wall has been amazing. It's been incredible. And little sections of it to complete. They don't want to complete it. They don't want to complete little sections and certain little areas. They don't want to complete. But it's had an impact that nobody would have even believed. It's amazing considering that the Democrats, number one priority, was to make sure that the wall would never, ever get built, would never, ever happen, would never get financed. We got it financed. We ended catch and release, ended asylum fraud, and brought illegal crossings to historic close. When illegal aliens trespassed across our borders, they were promptly caught, detained, and sent back home. And these were some rough customers. I wanted to add you, some rough customers were entering our country. It took the new administration only a few weeks to turn this unprecedented accomplishment into a self-inflicted humanitarian and national security disaster. By recklessly eliminating our border, security measures, controls, all of the things that we put into place. Joe Biden has triggered a massive flood of illegal immigration into our country, the likes of which we have never seen before. They're coming up by the tens of thousands. They're all coming to take advantage of the things that he said that's luring everybody to come to America. And we're one country. We can't forward the problems of the world as much as we'd love to. We'd love to help. We can't do that. So they're all coming because of promises and foolish words. Perhaps worst of all, Joe Biden's decision to cancel border security has single-handedly launched a youth migrant crisis that is enriching child smugglers, vicious criminal cartels, and some of the most evil people on the planet. You see it every day. Just turn on the news. You'll see it every day. Under my administration, we stopped the child smugglers. We dismantled the criminal cartels. We greatly limited drug and human trafficking to a level that nobody actually thought was possible, and the wall helped us a lot. And we protected vulnerable people from the ravages of dangerous predators. And that's what they are. Dangerous, dangerous predators. But the Biden administration has put the vile coyotes back in business, and it is done so in a very, very big way. Under the new administration, catch and release has been restored. Can you imagine? We work so hard. Catch, you know what that is. You catch them. You take the name. They may be killers. They may be rapists. They may be drug smugglers. You take the name and you release them into our country. We did the opposite. We not only didn't release them. We had them brought back to their country. The legal immigrants are now being apprehended and released along the entire southern border, just the opposite of what it was two months ago. They weren't coming because they couldn't get in. Once they think they can get in, they're coming. And they are coming at levels that you haven't even seen yet. By the hundreds of thousands, by the millions they'll be coming. The Biden administration is now actively expediting the admission of illegal migrants, enabling them to lodge frivolous, societal claims, and admitting them by the thousands and thousands and thousands a day crowded together in unsanitary conditions, despite the ongoing economic and public health crisis. COVID-19, or as I call it, the China virus. There's no masks. There's no double masks. That was the new one that came out two weeks ago. First, Fauci said, you don't eat masks, no masks, no good, no, no. Then all of a sudden you want to, but now he wants double masks. No social distancing, no nothing, no nothing. It together and it's said, actually, and it's said for them and it's said for our country. What the Biden administration is doing to push young migrants into the hands of human traffickers and coyotes as dangerous, immoral, and indefensible, hard to believe it's happening. Biden has failed and his number one duty as chief executive in forcing America's laws. This alone should be reason enough for Democrats to suffer withering losses in the midterms and to lose the White House decisively for years from now. They just lost the White House, but it's one of those things. But who knows? Who knows? I may even decide to beat them for a third time. Joe Biden defunded the border wall and stopped all future construction, even on small open sections that just needed to be finished up routine little work. It's already been bought. Wait till the contractors get to open. They say, no, it costs us much more money not to finish the small section than if we finished it. That's going to be nice. Wait until you see those bills start pouring in. He revoked the executive order cracking down on deadly sanctuaries. He has effectively ordered a shutdown of ice, halting virtually all deportations. Everyone murderers everybody. No more. Let's not deport people. And restricting our law enforcement professionals and they are great professionals. You have many of them represent here today from conducting almost any immigration enforcement of any kind. The Biden policy of releasing criminals into the US interiors making America into a sanctuary nation where criminals illegal immigrants, including gang members and sex offenders are set free into American communities. They have no idea what to do and remember with the caravans. These countries, not only the three of them, but many, many countries all over the world, they're not giving us their best and their finest. Remember I said that. I said that a long time ago when I made the first remarks when I came down the escalator with our great future first lady. Who says hello? Who loves you as much as I love you? But I said that a long time ago and we turned out to be 100% correct. Biden's radical immigration policies aren't just illegal. They're immoral, they're heartless and they are a betrayal of our nation's core values. It's a terrible thing this happened. The Republican Party must hold Joe Biden and the Democrats. They ripped up the diplomatic agreements we negotiated with Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador to shut down illegal immigration. They got a fortune, they got paid $500 million a year. When I came into office, those countries were refusing to take back illegal alien gang members, including MS-13, the most vicious, probably of them all. No matter where you go in the world, MS-13, they do things that even the worst don't think about. So I asked how much do we pay these countries? How much do we pay them? Sir, we pay them approximately $500 million a year. It's a lot of money. I mean, it's, peanuts compared to the way other countries rip us off, but that's a lot of money. I said, okay, we aren't going to pay them anymore because they wouldn't take back the criminals. And this was true with the Obama administration. It was true for many, many years. So we'd catch your murder and we'd want to bring them back to Guatemala, Honduras, Salvador. They wouldn't take them back. No, we don't want them. We'd fly them in, they wouldn't let the plane land. We'd bus them in, they wouldn't let the buses get anywhere near the border. And I said, we're not going to pay them anymore. So after I said that and I stopped payment, I don't like a term that we use in the world of business, let's stop payment. So we stopped payment. They were delinquent. We stopped payment. And they very quickly came to the table and we made a deal. Very quick deal. We still kept the money. We still didn't pay because we made a deal. And when illegal aliens came across our border, they were rapidly deported and lovingly accepted by those countries from where they came. And it worked out great. So now they accept the people and that we ultimately got along very well with those countries, those three countries. And many countries throughout the world because they respected us again. They didn't respect us. They couldn't believe what they were getting away with. But now Joe Biden is wrecked. This great deal, wrecked it. And they're already doing what they were doing before and they're taking the money. And that's just a small portion of what's going on. And to top it all off, the Biden people are pushing a bill that would brand mass hamasty for millions of illegal aliens while massively expanding chain migration. That's where you come in and everybody comes in your grandmother, your father, your mother, your brother, your cousins. They come in so easily, so crazy, so crazy. It even requires that the U.S. government provide illegal border crossings with taxable funded lawyers. Lawyers, anybody need a good lawyer, you can't have one. They get the lawyers. They get lawyers. They're probably very good. The Democrat immigration bill is a globalist couple. You take a look at the corporatists. Big tech attack on hardworking citizens of every race, religion, color, and greed. And Republicans must ensure that it never is allowed to become federal law, which is what they want to do. We must stand tall in the party. We have to do this. We have to stand tall as the law abiding Americans and others when they're in our country. Border security is just one of the many issues on which the new administration has already betrayed the American people. He didn't talk about this stuff. I debated him. He wasn't talking about this. He signed with those executive orders. They weren't things that were discussed. We didn't know all about him and the press because they're fake news. They're the biggest fakers there are. But the press refused to ask the questions. And when I asked the questions on television, on the debate, Chris Wallace in this case and others refused to let him in. They refused to let him answer the questions. Maybe we could have found something or if the media did its job, which they don't. Their callous indifference to working families equally clear when it comes to the critical matter of getting Americans children back to school. And they must get back and get back right now. Right now. Terrible. The Biden administration is actually bragging about the classroom education they are providing to migrant children on the border. Well, at the same time, millions of American children are having their futures destroyed by Joe Biden's anti-science school closures. Think of it. We're educating students on the board, but our own people, children of our citizens themselves, are not getting the education that they deserve. There's no reason whatsoever why the vast majority of young Americans should not be back in school immediately. The only reason that most parents do not have that choice is because Joe Biden sold out America's children to the teachers unions. His position is morally inexcusable. You know that Joe Biden has shamefully betrayed America's youth and he is cruelly keeping our children locked in their homes. No reason for whatsoever they want to get out. They're cheating the next generation of Americans out of the future that they deserve and they do deserve this future. They're going to grow up and they're going to have a scar. It's a scandal of the highest order and one of the most graven acts by any president in our lifetimes. It's the teachers union is the votes and it shouldn't happen. And I have nobody has more respect for teachers than I do and I'll bet you a lot of the people within that union they agree with everything I'm saying. Even the New York Times is calling out the Democrats. The mental and physical health of these young people is reaching a breaking point tragically suicide attempts of skyrocketing and student depression is now commonplace and at levels that we've never seen before. The Democrats now say we have to pass their $1.9 trillion dollar boondoggle to open schools but a very small part of it has to do with that. You know where it's going. It's going to bail out badly run Democrat cities so much of it. But billions of dollars for schools remain unspent from the COVID relief bills that were passed last year. So on behalf of the mom's dad's and children of America I call on Joe Biden to get the schools open and get them open now. They're greatly incredible. When I left office and we're very proud of this business was something that they said could not be done. The FDA said it everybody said it any article you read said it couldn't be done it would be years and years I handed the new administration what everyone is now calling a modern day medical miracle. Some say it's the greatest thing to happen in hundreds of years, hundreds of years. Two vaccines produced and record others on the way including the Johnson and Johnson vaccine that was approved just yesterday. And they're a putically leave also if you're sick. If you're sick we have things now that are incredible what has taken place over the last year under our administration. We would have taken any other president at least five years and we got it done in nine months everyone says five years. Can you imagine if you had to go through what all of the countries of the world who are now getting the vaccine or soon will be getting it from various companies but can you imagine if all of those countries had to go through what they've been going through over the last year you'd lose hundreds of millions of people. I pushed the FDA like they have never been pushed before they told me that loud and clear. They have never been pushed like I pushed them I didn't like them at all. But once we got it done I said I now love you very much. What the Trump administration has done with vaccines as in many respects perhaps saved large portions of the world not only our country but large portions of the world. Not only did we push the FDA far beyond what the bureaucrats wanted to do we also put billions and billions of dollars ten billion to produce the vaccines before we knew they were going to work. It was called a calculated bet or a calculated risk we took a risk because if we didn't do that you still wouldn't have the vaccines you wouldn't have them for a long time. So think of that we took this this bet we made a bet because we thought we were on a certain track but you'd be starting to make them right now would be a long time before you ever saw. It takes 60 to 100 days to manufacture and inspect new doses and that means that 100% of the increased availability that we have now was initiated by our administration. 100%. The director of National Institutes of Health, Francis Collins, he's Fauci's boss actually I think he's a Democrat too by the way. Recently said that our operation warp speed was absolutely breathtaking and that the Trump administration deserves full credit. And as conservatives and Republicans never forget that we did it never let them take the credit because they don't deserve the credit. They just followed now they're following our plan but this has been something that they really call they call it an absolute miracle. Joe Biden is only implementing the plan that we put in place and if we had an honest media which we don't they would say it loud and clear. By the time I left that magnificent house at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue almost 20 million Americans had already been vaccinated 1.5 million doses were administered on my final day alone 1.5 million in a day. Yet Biden said just a few days ago that when he got here meeting the White House there was no vaccine. He said there's no vaccine. Oh good. Say it again Joe. Now I don't think he said that frankly in a malicious way I really don't. I actually believe he said that because he didn't really know what the hell was happening. Never let them forget this was us we did this and the distribution is moving along according to our plan and it's moving along really well. We had the military what they've done our generals and all of the people what they incredible but remember you know we took care of a lot of people including I guess on December 21st we took care of Joe Biden because he got a shot he got his vaccine he forgot it showed you how unpaid full that vaccine shot his so everybody go get your shot he forgot so it wasn't very dramatic obviously but he got a shot. And it's good that he got a shot last year I predicted to you that the extreme corruption and incompetence of the Biden administration would be literally unprecedented in American history. Unfortunately he has proven me 100% right already as president Biden is urged to legislate shredding your second amendment your second amendment is in far bigger trouble than you now and for four years I fought like hell to save your second amendment and we saved it 100 years ago. We saved it. He signed in order to conduct politically correct far left indoctrination trainings in every department of the federal government including the US military after I had terminated these horrible things that were being preached to our military and he wants it to go forward it's insane. Within his first few hours by the limited our national security travel bands or nations playing by terrorism his first priority was to open our borders to unbedded travelers from Libya Yemen Syria sub-Adiya. The countries where strict vetting cannot occur countries that have tremendous problems countries with tremendous terrorism problems we didn't travel ban it was a real achievement we told those countries sorry straight now direct we don't want people coming in where they had an ideology or a problem we just couldn't have it and it was incredible how it worked was incredible. In he terminated it we had to get it approved it went all the way up to the Supreme Court of the United States we got it approved and he terminates it in addition he's already increased refugee admissions by nearly 10 times but it affected will soon be hundreds of times as millions of people flow up through our soon to be open borders. And by the way the border patrol and I see some of the great heroes of our country these are incredible features. I've got to know very well your family still cannot go out to eat at local restaurants but Joe Biden is bringing in thousands upon thousands of refugees from all over the world people that nobody knows anything about we don't have crime records we don't have health records what are they bringing in with them what I left office we had virtually ended the endless wars these endless wars they could have been. Endless wars they go on forever they go on forever. I would go to Dover and I would see caskets coffins coming in I'd see the parents and wives and husbands I would see the kids endless wars 19 years in Afghanistan we have it down to almost the thing left and here they want to go back in. Remember I used to say don't go in but if you're going to go in keep the oil we didn't keep the oil we had made historic peace deals in the Middle East like nobody thought we're even positive. It's not a drop of bloodshed and by the way not one American soldier has been killed in Afghanistan in over a year think of that not one. There's a group so largely come home at the same time the new administration unilaterally withdrew our crippling sanctions on Iran foolishly giving away all of America's leverage before negotiations have even begun. They're going to leave the sanctions negotiate does anybody understand what I'm saying here. Are there any good business people you don't have to be good you know there any bad business people they took off the sanctions they took off the sanctions they say well we're going to not have any sanctions let's negotiate a deal I don't know match lap I don't think you would have done that you think so Matt I don't think so Mercedes would. Now you do that you make a deal and then you do it they want it I will tell you something and I said it had we had a fair election the results would have been much different and we would have had a deal we would have had a deal with Iran within the they wanted those sanctions off took them off for nothing for nothing now you watch out toughly negotiate in another horrendous surrender here agreed to get back into the world health organization for approximately 500 million dollars a year which is what we were paying when I withdrew from the WHO and you know the whole story with that they called it badly they really are puppets the China they called and they wanted us to stay in I said how much are we paying approximately 500 million dollars how much is China paying a much larger in terms of population country Sir they're paying 39 million dollars I said why are we paying 500 million than they're paying 39 I could tell you why because the people that made the deal is stupid that's why so and I had no idea how popular it was I didn't even know if I would be able to politically because people were so happy when I didn't get out but I said so we went in we could get it for 39 million which is what China not 500 million which is what we were stupidly paying and they said we can make a deal we want you to go in we can make a deal okay and I decided not to do it we could have it for 39 we could have it for the same is China and they decide now to go back into the world health organization and pay 500 million what the hell is wrong with them no no this is just this is just emblematic it's a tremendous amount of money but compared to trillions it's not but it's a tremendous amount of money why would China pay 39 million and we're paying almost 500 million why so we could have made the same deal that China had 39 million and they just say we're going back in we're going back into the world health organization they go back in they pay 500 it is so sad just like the Iran and the world health organization Joe Biden put the United States back into the very unfair and very costly Paris climate accord without negotiating a better deal they wanted us so badly back in I'll tell you they wanted us I was getting called from all of the countries you must come back into the Paris accord I said tell me why give me one good reason first of all China doesn't kick in for 10 years Russia goes by an old standard which was not a clean standard and other countries but we get hit right from the beginning would have cost us hundreds of thousands and millions of jobs it was a disaster but they go back in I could have made an unbelievable deal and gone back in but I didn't want to do that the surrounding millions of jobs and trillions of dollars to all of these other countries almost all of them that were in the deal so they have favorable treatment we don't have favorable treatment and we just said we're going back in to go back in they wanted us so badly you couldn't negotiate if you wanted to go back in the cleanest air the cleanest water and everything else that we've ever had so I don't know why we have to do it and what good does it do when we're clean but China's not and Russia's not and India's not so they have pouring fumes you know the world is actually a small person they have pouring fumes and we're trying to protect everything and building products for three times more than say no they could have made a great deal if they were going to go back in that's fine but they could have made a great deal if they were going back in and it won up his first official acts which was incredible because again he talked about energy he never said he was going to do this he cancelled the Keystone XL pipeline destroying 2000 or the 9000 or the 11000 jobs that you hear but 42,000 great paying jobs on just about day one right he never talked about that during a debate because he wouldn't have gotten away with it well he would of course they cheated so much it probably wouldn't no but that was not a topic of conversation remember fracking you can frack oh we love fracking during the primary no fracking soon as he got through that he said no of course everybody can frack no fracking you when you see what happens with your gasoline when you see what happens and we cannot let this stuff continue to go on one of my proudest accomplishments as president was to make America energy independent the United States became the number one energy superpower number one we came number one bigger than Saudi Arabia bigger than Russia by a lot we left them all in the dust they were all in the but of the democrats have their way we are heading from energy dominance to energy disaster that's what's happening you have to see what's going on everything's being closed up it's a disaster the blackouts we saw in California last summer and all the time the windmill calamity that we're witnessing in Texas great state of Texas we love Texas but it's so sad when you look at it that'll just be the start how bad is wind power so I talk about it all the time it's back great we went to see back remember less I said we're going to watch the president well Alice the wind is in blowing I don't believe we'll have any electricity remember we would we would kid but I wasn't actually kidding it's such an expensive form of energy it's so bad for the environment it kills the birds it destroys the landscapes and remember these are structural columns with fans on them they wear out and when they wear out all over the country you see them nobody takes them down they're rotting they're rusting how this is environmentally good for our country and it costs many many times more than natural gas which is clean it costs many more and can fuel our great people can't do that and solar I love solar I have the capacity to do what we have to do to make America green again sorry it just doesn't mean under the radical Democrat policies the price of gasoline has already surged 30% since the election and will go to $5 $6 $7 and even higher so enjoy that when you go to the pump it does it that'll be about $200 if I love your van you go to this remember they used to go to the little small vans they got away from the big ones and everybody wanted they went to the small ones well you know what probably good investment as long as these guys have this a because you know it's a shame what's happening energy prices are going to go through the roof and that includes your electric bills that includes any bill having to do with energy our biggest cause we will now be relying on Russia in the Middle East for oil and they talk about Russia Russia Russia what's better than what this guy's done for Russia I had oil where they were actually paying you to take it okay you know I was a little remember they were going to give you 37 a barrel but get it away it free well almost for a period of time and one way I was proud of it but we also had to save the energy industry it worked out well and I dealt with Russia I be it and they cut back on production and we got it back up but now it's going the opposite because now they're taking this incredible energy independence away from the people of our country and you're going to see cost go like you have never seen ago before it's a very sad and very stupid thing that they're doing the Biden policies are a massive win for other oil producing countries and a cost for the United States and our great citizens Joe Biden and the Democrats are even pushing policies that would destroy women's sports a lot of new records are being broken in women's sports hate to say that ladies but a lot of new records they're being shattered years the weightlifting every ounce is like a big deal for many years all of a sudden somebody comes along and beats it by 100 now young girls and women are in sense that they are now being forced to compete against those who are biological males it's not good for women it's not good for women's sports which worked so long and so hard to get to where they are the records that stood for years even decades are now being smashed with smashed if this is not changed women's sports as we know it will die they'll end it'll end what coach if I'm a coach you know I want to be a great coach what coach as an example wants to recruit a young woman to compete if her record can easily be broken by somebody who was born a man not too many of those coaches around right they are around they won't be around long because they're going to have a big problem when their record is we're only 16 but we're getting better now I think it's crazy I think it's just crazy what's happening we must protect the integrity of women's sports so important after and I don't even know is that controversial you know somebody said well that's going to be very controversial I said that's okay you haven't heard anything yet as you can see the early weeks of the Biden administration of nothing less than they've been a catastrophe for American workers and for American families let's go our mission and for us it's our movement as I said a movement like has never been seen I think we could probably say never been seen anywhere in the world nobody's ever seen a movement like this I think I'd grow up and I'd watch somebody who came in second in New Hampshire first in Iowa that was the end and they became famous for the rest of their lives we won the election twice I mean in a big amount the task for our movement and our party is to stand up to this destructive agenda with confidence and with resolve the future of the Republican Party is as a party that defends the social economic and cultural interests and values of working American families of every race, color and cream that's why the party is growing so rapidly and it's becoming a different party and it's becoming a party of love you have to see outside the streets I mean there's such a lot of players I'm trying to announce a party that's incredible the people that spirit and they're as you probably heard a little while ago I mean there's more spirit now than there's ever been including even before the election more spirit now than we've ever seen because people are seeing how bad it can be and again I want to thank Russian Catherine because what he did to get the word out has been incredible some people are irreplaceable I shan't Hannity would say and he said Russia is irreplaceable but his spirit lives on and that's something that we need and we love Republicans believe that the needs of every citizen must come first in fact America must come first we don't put it first they don't put it first over the past four years my administration delivered for Americans of all backgrounds like never before like never before we built the strongest economy in the history of the world raised wages and achieved the lowest African American Hispanic American Asian American unemployment rates ever ever ever recorded it was so great for everybody of all backgrounds that even after the China virus we are leading the world nobody's even close we're leading it in the comeback our economic comeback has been incredible that's because the financial and economic foundation we built was so strong that unlike other countries who have in a hard time we didn't break we came roaring back and now our stock market and your 401k's are again at record levels higher than ever before actually many people have asked what is Trumpism a new term being used more and more I'm hearing that term more and more I didn't come up with it but what it means is great deals great trade deals great ones not deals where we give away everything or jobs money like the US MCA replacement of the horrible NAFTA NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made probably the worst trade deal ever made and we ended it you know a lot of people forget we ended it now we have the US MCA Mexico candidates incredible what it's done for our farmers who are doing fantastically did you see grain prices and grain sales are at an all-time high we all-time high so many elements of farms and farmers and they love me and remember it's going to be very close in Iowa well it wasn't close we won in a landslide Iowa because our farmers know and they put up with it and we did a lot of work with the tariffs and all these things that we had to do to get into now the farmers are doing great but they're setting records it means low taxes and eliminating job killing regulations Trumpism it means strong voters but people coming into our country based on a system of merit so they come in and they can help us as opposed to coming here and not being good for us including criminals of which there are many it means no riots in the streets it means law enforcement it means very strong protection for the second amendment and the right to keep in their arms it means support for the forgotten men and women who have been taken advantage of for so many years and they were doing great they were doing great before that horrible thing from China came in and hit us and now they're starting to do really well again you know if you think about it we built the economy twice we built it then and like every other country in the world it went down and then we built it again now it's higher in many ways certainly in the stock market it's higher in many ways than it was before that's because of the foundation and no country comes even close to competing with our comeback and it means a strong military and taking care of our vets but a strong military which we have totally rebuilt we have rebuilt it and our military has never been stronger than it is today it was tired it was depleted it was obsolete and now we have the best brand new equipment ever made and it was all produced right here in the USA isn't that nice? and we take care of our vets you know we had a poll recently just before leaving office the vets had a 91% approval rating for the way we took care of them that's the highest number in the history of the polls the best polls on top of all of that we have even created the Space Force the first new branch of the United States military in the early 75 the mission of the Democrat Party is to promote socialism they want to promote socialism ultimately leading unfortunately to communism and that will happen if you look at Venezuela you look at some of these countries that's why some of our biggest supporters are from South America, Latin America because they've seen what goes on with all of this cancel culture and you can't speak and let's cut them off and let's not give them words the mission of our movement and of the Republican Party must be to create a future of good jobs strong families safe communities a vibrant culture and a great nation for all Americans and that's what we're creating their party is based upon unvarnished disdain for America it's past and it's people you see that happening it's horrible the way they treat the legacy of our country the culture of our country our party is based on love for America and to believe that this is an exceptional nation blessed by God we take great pride in our country we teach the truth about history we celebrate our rich heritage and national traditions we honor George Washington Abraham Lincoln Thomas Jefferson and all national heroes and of course we respect our great American flag thank you very much thank you very much it started that hearing we really were getting word of that hearing that during some of the rallies especially the latter rallies where we started we had 56 unbelievable packed rallies and nobody's ever had anything that we had and we started hearing we love you and I asked somebody you know because we were in the same place and we were in the same place and we were in the same place we had 56 unbelievable packed rallies and nobody's ever had anything that we had and we started hearing we love you and I asked somebody you know because we really liked Ronald Reagan right he was a great president we had others but I said did anybody ever say that to Ronald Reagan or to any of our make and to the best of all of these political professionals knowledge and posters nobody's ever heard that yet before so it's an honor it's believed it's an honor it's a great honor you know when you think about we love you you say that about I hate to say it am I a politician I don't know maybe I'm a politician I hate to admit it but that's really it's an honor that you would say we believe in patriotic education and strongly opposed the radical indoctrination of America's youth we are committed to defending innocent life and to upholding the Judeo-Christian values of our founders and of our founding we embrace free thought we stand up to political correctors and we reject left-wing lunacy and in particular we reject cancel culture we know that the rule of law is the ultimate safe and we affirm that the Constitution means exactly what it says as written as written they want to change it they want to get rid of it frankly we believe in law-dawner and we believe that the men and women of law enforcement are heroes who truly deserve our absolute support we don't defund the police we are not defunding it we believe in standing up to China shutting down outsourcing bringing back our factories and supply chains and ensuring that America not China dominates the future of the world and by the way we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China during my administration hundreds of them they never gave us ten cents it was a one way street we took in hundreds of billions and during negotiations they would say look the one thing we don't want anymore of these tariffs those tariffs we took in so much money and what happened is they became competitive so what happened with people they wouldn't go to China they'd build a lot of it back in our country they would make it here instead and in addition to that we would take it in billions and billions and billions of dollars from China but in all fairness to China they we made a trade deal with them this was prior to COVID and once this COVID happened I no longer cared so much about the trade deal because what happened with that was just disgraceful but that's one of the things that's one of the reasons that right now our farmers are doing so good I used to sell to them look go and get a lot of wheat get a lot of different things all of the things we just talked about you better go out and do it because this country has not been treated fairly by you for many many years many many years we used to lose 504 billion dollars straight deficit with China 500 for not million 504 million dollars a lot right you know that through the World Health Organization now take 504 million make it 504 billion dollars we had deficits with China it was absolutely insane that this could keep going but it's amazing that you still have a country left the people that did this to our country they should be ashamed of themselves they should be ashamed of it companies that leave America to create jobs in China and other countries that have ripped us off for years should not be rewarded they should be tariffed fine and punished they should not be rewarded and that's what the Biden administration that's what the Biden administration is doing but of course as you know they have a very close personal relationship with China so I don't I don't expect much to happen so shame because it really is a threat it's a tremendous economic threat and thank God we've rebuilt our military but it's a tremendous economic threat never forget it these are the convictions that define our movement today and must define the Republican party in the years ahead very simple it's really quite simple isn't it another one of the most urgent issues facing the Republican party is that of ensuring fair honest and secure elections such a disgrace such a disgrace such a disgrace we must pass comprehensive election reforms and we must do it now the Democrats use the China virus as an excuse to change all of the election rules without the approval of their state legislatures making it therefore illegal and had a massive impact on the election again you have to go to the legislatures to get these approvals this alone would have easily changed the outcome of the election at levels that you wouldn't have even believed even with COVID even with all of the things the numbers are staggering we can never let this or other abuses of the 2020 election be repeated or happen again can never let that happen again you see what's going on we've been set back so greatly with other countries and with the world we need election integrity and election reform immediately Republicans should be the party of honest elections that can give everyone confidence in the future of our country without honest elections who has confidence this issue is being studied and examined but the reality is you cannot have a situation where ballots are indiscriminately pouring in from all over the country tens of millions of ballots where they're coming from they're coming all over the place where illegal aliens and dead people are voting and many other horrible things are happening that are too voluminous to even mention but people know I mean it's being studied and the level of dishonesty is not to be believed we have a very sick and corrupt electoral process that must be fixed immediately this election was rigged and the Supreme Court and other courts didn't want to do anything about it if you just take that one element where they didn't go through legislatures it's illegal you can't do it it's in the constitution they didn't have the courage as a Supreme Court they didn't have the courage to act but instead used process and lack of standing I was told the president of the United States has no standing it's my election it's your election we have no standing we had almost 20 if you think of it we had almost 20 states go into the Supreme Court so that we didn't have a standing problem they rejected it they should be ashamed of themselves for what they've done to our country they didn't have the guts of the courage to make the right decision they didn't want to talk about it you had the case led by the great state of Texas 18 states went in you don't have standing oh let's not talk about it they didn't have the guts to do what should be done and that's on top of all of the other forms of cheating but this is the most basic of all they would have local courts and local politicians change the rules in some cases a day or two before the election they should never be allowed to happen to another presidential candidate or presidential race should never be allowed to happen today I want to outline the steps that we must take to have an election system to this country that is honest fair and accurate we need one election day not 45 one day like it's been and the Republicans don't get this and the other things I'm going to say that you should like this Supreme Court be ashamed of yourselves one day one day and the only people that should be allowed to vote by mail are people that can be approved to be either very sick or out of the country or military where they can't do it one day they have millions and millions of ballots sitting around all over the place for low periods of time gee I wonder what happens with those ballots I wonder what happens it's common sense it's a disgrace it's an absolute disgrace there should be a legitimate reason for someone to vote absentee has to have a reason we should eliminate the insanity of mass and very corrupt mail in voting we must have voter ID you know to get into the Democrat national convention when they had the convention you needed voter ID you needed an ID card you couldn't get it unless you had an ID so many people told me you can't get in that place you need ID nobody had ID you need voter ID they know that there's a con job they're conning everybody they know that they know the wall was good they knew the wall would work but they didn't want to have it because we wanted I made one big mistake in the wall I should have said we will not have a wall and then they would have said let's build the wall I made a big mistake I'm sorry took us a year and a half extra because of that mistake we will not have a wall we need a wall immediately said we need universal signature matching they want to pass a bill where you don't have to match signatures where signatures don't mean anything now they know it so just like with the wall just like with voter ID when you need to go into anything that's Democrat run you need it but for voting which is our most sacred institution you don't they don't want to let you have it there should be a 100% requirement to verify the citizenship of every person who votes and there must be a chain of custody protections for every ballot and you saw what happened in Detroit and Philadelphia and many other places swing states mostly all over but swing states mostly you saw what happened you saw what was going on you saw that more people you take a look at the votes when you have more votes and you have people that's a problem right is that a problem you know we have a little problem adjusting in Detroit we seem to have more votes so we have people a lot more votes an election changing number we're not talking about a number where you can't know these are election changing numbers in Pennsylvania then hundreds of thousands of more votes than they had people voting what's that all about what's that all about cheating they say yeah I said in the history of our country and it has taken place for years in Pennsylvania and Detroit and various other places but there's tremendous never like this because they use COVID as a way of cheating that's what happened and everybody knows it hundreds of thousands and millions of ballots they used it as a way of getting what they've wanted for many years and the Republicans have to do something about it they better do something about it our election process is worse than that in many cases of a third world country you know that you saw what was going on even if you consider nothing else it is undeniable that election rules were legally changed at the last minute in almost every swing state with the procedures rewritten by local politicians you're not allowed to do that and local judges they want more time they want this they want that all done by local politicians or local judges as opposed to state legislatures as required by the constitution of the United States and these are numbers that are massive these are little numbers these are numbers that in each state is a transformative number it changes the outcome of the election and it's not close regardless of your political views this should concern you as a constitutional man and the Supreme Court again didn't have the guts of the courage to do anything about it and neither did other judges and Democrats even admitted in Time magazine which is I would say on the liberal side that they couldn't they just couldn't hold it and they had a brag about it because what they did they had a brag about they couldn't do it you got to read the story it's a disaster it's a disaster for a country that we can allow something so corrupt to happen read that article I really encourage you you read that article yet all of the election integrity measures in the world will mean nothing if we don't have free speech and that's where we're at now if Republicans can be censored for speaking the truth and calling out corruption we will not have democracy and we will have only left wing tyranny and we can do this we can do this with smarter than they are with tougher than they are for some reason we just don't we don't get it we let them attack our businesses and we don't attack their businesses I believe your numbers are bigger than their numbers but you're nicer than they are you're not as vicious as they are in the past we would debate I would have it I'd debate you've seen me for many years they throw something I debate they debate who knows who wins you know people go they vote they see what happens but they would have an idea they would disagree the public would hear it the debate and discourse would take place and then somebody would make a decision you would win you would lose the public would make up its mind but now there is no debate because they refuse to allow our side to even speak or be heard they don't want to be because we have easy victories in a debate very easy victories it's called common sense it's called other things but it's called common sense so they don't want to the time has come to break up big tech monopolies and restore fair competition Republicans conservatives must open up our platforms and repeal section 230 liability and if the federal government refuses to act then every state in the union where we have the votes which is a lot of them big tech giants like twitter google and facebook should be punished with major sanctions whenever they silence conservative voices and governor ronda santer's of florida and in texas and in other states are doing this if they do what they're doing florida and that legislation will pass and texas and others will have tremendous power to do what's right and what's there we have no time to waste Nancy Pelosi and the democrats and congress are racing to pass a a fragherently flagrantly unconstitutional attack on the first amendment and the integrity of our elections known as HL1 they bill would drastically restrict political speech to power the federal government to shut down to set and turn the federal election commission into a partisan political weapon in addition it virtually eliminates voter ID requirements nationwide effectively end all registration deadlines can you believe this requires states to give ballots to felons automatically registers every welfare recipient of all and puts unaccountable unelected bureaucrats in charge of drawing congressional districts that's going to be a lot of fun this monster must be stuffed it cannot be allowed to pass now more than ever is the time for tough strong and energetic republican leaders who have spines of steel we need strong leadership we cannot have leaders who show more passion for condemning their fellow americans then they have ever shown for standing up to democrats the media and the radicals who want to turn America into a socialist country instead of attacking me and more importantly the voters of our movement top establishment republicans in Washington should be spending their energy in opposing Biden Pelosi Schumer and the democrats i've said to some of them i said you know during the Obama years and now during Biden if you spent the same energy on attacking them you'd actually be successful as you do an attacking me in many cases the democrats don't have grandstanders like bit romney little bensass richard burr bill castes Susan Collins leaser mary kowski pat to me and in the house tom rice south carolina adam kinsinger dan nuas and the degan's allisets another beauty fred upton jamey harrera butler peter mire john catcoe david valedale and of course the war monger a person that loves seeing our troops fighting lice chaney how about that the good news is in her state she's been censored and in her state her poll numbers have dropped faster than any human being i've ever seen so hopefully they'll get rid of her with the next election get rid of a wall democrats are vicious remember this it's true democrats are vicious he said evil there is evil there but their vicious they're smart and they do one thing got a hand at them they always stick together you don't have bit romney's in the group they always stick together fortunately for the republican party the democrats have horrible policies like open borders sanctuarsities defunding the police and the ridiculous totally ridiculous green new deal so they stick together they're smart they're vicious they got everything going but the policies are no good so hence we have congratulations the republican party after this they may not stick with those policies we have to be careful now that policies are horrible think of it defund the police how did that work out but every publicans do not stick together the rhinos that were surrounded were will destroy the republican party and the american worker and will destroy our country itself the rhinos you know republican in name only but the republican party is united the only division is between a handful of Washington DC establishment political hacks and everybody else all over the country i think we have tremendous unity when you look at the crowds outside that want your seat so badly they will take your seat in two seconds they want your seat congratulations congratulations are getting in by the way i'm very proud and that's why i'm announcing that i will be actively working to elect strong tough and smart republican leader speaking of that i heard jim jordan did a great job right i heard that from mark me i heard it on iri is look at that hi jim i heard you were great in fact i hate it to follow you i want to follow other people i could name them too i like to follow other people i heard you a great thank you jim very much jim jordan great great athlete people don't know he was a great wrestler tremendous numbers of victories the end see he was a champion he was college champion for a long period of time he's a winner and a leader and he doesn't play games he likes to win he likes to win and we have a lot of people in our party that like to win jim right but i heard you a great thank you very much but we want republican leaders who are loyal to the voters and who will work proudly for the vision that i've laid out today and what is it so simple right so simple military law and order great trade deals great education so simple i don't does anybody get it what what does anybody get it is just been saying that president trump's endorsement is the most powerful asset in politics you believe what i thought that's gonna happen jim in last year's congressional primers 120 listen to this it's crazy 120 of 120 to candidate side endorse one 120 that's almost as good as jim's wrestling record and the two that lost were beaten by people claiming to be more trump than their opponent so i like those two people very much also in the senate i was undefeated in endorsements with the record of 21 and oh my endorsement of michael michael at his request all right all right now he made a request he asked for my endorsement brought him from one point down to 20 points up and he won his race in the great state and actually the great commonwealth of Kentucky and he wanted and he wanted very easily and i said i wonder if i'm doing the right thing here but you know what i did i did what i did but he went from one point down to 20 points up very quickly immediately actually and he won his race and if you compare that to his other elections i'm sure you see something interesting but you know what we got a republican elected and now we have to use republicans to take care of the election frauds and all of the other things that are happening that shouldn't be allowed to happen in our countries very simple because of my efforts campaigning we had huge gains in the house and i helped keep many senators in their seats and they will admit it so that it's now 50-50 instead of republicans being down anywhere from eight to ten seats and they'll admit it we'd be down eight to ten seats if i didn't campaign we held rallies for some of the senators that went down and nobody talks about that nobody wants to talk the press that's been talked about it with me at the top of the ticket not a single republican member of congress lost their race for the first time in decades we won 26 of 26 toss off races thank you that 26 of 20 and those are toss up those are races that could go anywhere we were expected to lose 25 seats and instead we won 15 seats and almost oh why couldn't we have done a couple more almost cost crazy dancing her job we'll do that the next time around i received almost listen to this number because you know the fake news doesn't ever talk about these numbers i just heard this one for the first time i received almost 1.5 million more votes than all of the republican house candidates combined so how the hell is it possible that we lost it's not i got more votes i got more which is me when i say i am talking about we we we got more votes than any incompetent any incumbent president in the history of our country almost 75 million votes and that doesn't include the votes and ballots they threw out okay if you include them you'll see numbers that are much different we did even better in the second election that we did in the first you know i won the first we won the second we did much better so to strange right how did you do well we did much better the second time oh you did really what a disgrace what a disgrace to our country i got over 11 million very close to 12 million more votes that we got in 2016 and i was told by john ricotta that if you the great poster that if you get to sit we had 63 in 2016 63 million serve you get to 66 million you haven't made we got to almost 75 million then what the hell happened what happened what happened when they closed all of the counting booths what happened at three o'clock in the morning what happened at three o'clock in the morning what happened no president has ever lost an election after carrying florida ohio and i will and i won them all and i won them by a lot i won 94% of the primary vote no incumbent president who received more than 75% of the primary vote has ever lost an election i had a record number and no president has ever ever and we're talking about a much lower number than we got has ever lost an election thanks to my co-tales thank you we have to have a sense of humor thanks to my co-tales democrats failed to flip a single state legislature think of it or a legislative chamber because republicans came out to vote for me now they say it differently the press the fake news spends it differently they say despite how well they did trump didn't win that's such a lie and many legislatures you know many legislatorists told me they said they're gonna lose their race wasn't gonna happen and then what happened is one in particular tell me from a great swing state said you know i thought i was gonna lose my position lose my race and i went out with my wife the night before the election and i saw all these trump signs and the american flags and the spirits on the streets i said you know darling i think we're gonna win he said but you were far far far more popular than me they do lots of polls you were way way ahead of me sir and the next day i was right he said he won the election by a lot and you lost the election and sir it's not possible that you lost because you got a lower number than i did and you were so far ahead of me you're the person that brought everybody out to vote and i happened to agree with that one thousand percent never forget that conversation you couldn't believe and i've heard it from more than one and in november eighteen of nineteen bellweather counties you heard about the bellweather counties eighteen of nineteen bellweather counties that have correctly predicted every presidential election for decades many decades voted for trump not for biting and it was a shocker to those people that go for the the stats it was a shocker they voted for trump eighteen of nineteen voted for trump there's never been anything like that and yet did bite win no if you want to help us take back the future of our country go to donaldj trump dot com i don't do this i've never done this but it's time that we have to put forces together because these people with their big tech and their fake dysbedia right back there okay and you know when you talk about election they turn off when you talk about they probably have them going because they also care about radius but when they talk about election they turn off the cameras you know why it's a very sore subject okay they don't like that subject there's only one way to contribute to our efforts to elect america first republican conservatives and in turn to make america great again and that's through save america pack and donaldj trump dot com so go out there and do whatever you can because we're going to help a lot of great people we know the right people to help we need your help to win and to fight big tech and the radical left and the dc establishment we need to save your second amendment which is under siege we need to help protect funding for our military and for our great vets and that's what we're doing as we discussed earlier we're in a struggle for the survival of america as we know if this is a struggle this is a terrible terrible painful struggle the path ahead will not be easy but we will win we are going to win ultimately we always win and when we do history will show that this was the moment when we could have given up when we could have dispaired but instead we chose to keep on pushing forward the greater the challenge and tougher the task the more determined we must be to pull through to triumph we have to have triumph we have to have victory with the talent and dedication of everyone here today and you have tremendous not only dedication tremendous talent in this room i know many of you that is exactly what we will do we will go on to victory we will summon the spirit of generations of american patriots before us like those heroes who cross the Delaware conquered the rocky storm the beaches won the battles entamed the unknown frontiers we will persist and we will prevail we're tougher than they are we're stronger than they are together in the coming years we will carry forward the torch of american liberty we will lead the conservative movement and the republican party back to a totally conclusive victory and we've had tremendous victories don't ever forget with your help we will take back the house we will win the senate and then a republican president will make a triumphant return to the white house and i wonder who that will be who who will that be i wonder standing before you today i am supremely confident that for our movement for our party and for our country our brightest days are just ahead and that together we will make america proud of freer stronger and greater than it ever has been before thank you see pack god bless you and god bless to you all There's no need to feel down, I say, you're me. There's no more, when I'm, I say, you're me. Cause you're in a new town, there's no need to be. I'm in a new town, there's no need to feel down, I say, you're me. When you show up, you don't get a stand-in. And I'll show you my feelings, too. I'm in a new town, I'm in a new town, I'm in a new town, I say, you're me. All right, everybody. Welcome back to news now from Fox. You were just watching for about an hour and a half former president Trump make remarks in front of the CPAC crowd there in Orlando, Florida. We just want to kind of go over some of those comments that he made. There was a lot in that speech that we want to get to, but let's start right now with probably the biggest headline out of that. We told you before, former president Trump was not going to announce that he'd be running in 2024, but he said his agenda is far from over in the end. We will win. He took a lot of moments to really trash the Biden administration. And so we also wanted to just kind of go over some of those as well. So one of the major nuggets of news, though, was he was not starting a new political party. That was one of the things that a lot of people were talking about in late January. There was talks of the former president starting a third party. That is not going to happen according to former president Trump. He said we need to be the Republican party needs to be united under the Republican party. And so he, it was really essentially the greatest hits of a Trump rally, a Trump speech. He went after Joe Biden, ad nauseam going after his policies. He really hit the Biden immigration agenda very hard, the Biden environmental and energy policies very hard, taking huge criticism with Biden's decision to stop the permit for the Keystone pipeline. Really going after windmills and how windmills are dangerous and they're not reliable. Something that we kind of saw with the Texas winter weather about a couple of weeks ago. But we also wanted to point out to him, we're just going to put this up here because we think it's important. But he repeatedly mentioned these repeated unsubstantiated claims that the election was rigged, that the election was stolen from him, that millions of ballots showed up out of nowhere, that were counted not in favor of him. Also, we want to talk about many times that he said, I found this one to be interesting that he's going to beat the Democrats a third time on paraphrasing there. Essentially, telling his supporters that he won the last election in 2020, which is not true. We just wanted to point that out here. On news now from Fox, a lot of these allegations that he said about the election being rigged, were unsubstantiated and they're flat out false. He also was highlighting vaccine progress under his administration, that millions of doses were already being administered once Joe Biden took the oath of office. But he said the Republican Party going back to the election needs to be a party with fair elections, invested in election integrity. But then he went on to essentially just kind of castigate our electoral process here in America. He said it's, he likened it to that of a third world country. He said it's corrupt and it's sick. He even said as far as our election process with being litigated in the courts, that the judges on the Supreme Court did not have the guts to overturn the election in his favor. So there were many, many repeated falsehoods from the president once again about the election being stolen from him.