The American people are outraged at what's going on, and the American people are saying loud and clear, "We will not accept an oligarchic form of society. We will not accept the richest guy in the world running all over the capital, making cuts to the retirement administration, cuts to the veterans administration, almost destroying the education department, all so that they could give over a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the wealthiest 1%."

Today you have more concentration of ownership in America than we have ever had in the history of this country in sector after sector, whether it is agriculture, transportation, media, financial services, what you have is a small number of extraordinarily large corporations who charge us outrageous prices for the products that we have to buy.

Today you've got three major investment firms. Combined, these three investment firms are the majority stockholders in 95% of American corporations. These guys, I want to tell you something because I bump into them in my line of work, they are not nice guys. I know on TV they come across... And in your community, they make a donation to the hospital or the community organizations or the food programs. They're just very nice. But they're not.

In America today, as I think all of you know, sadly and tragically, and we've got to deal with it, we have major epidemics dealing with addiction. I think we lost a hundred thousand Americans last year because of drug overdose. It's a serious problem in my state. We have people addicted to alcohol, serious problems with alcoholism. We have people who were addicted to tobacco. My father smoked two packs of cigarettes a day and he died before he was 60. People addicted to food. But I will tell you this, in the midst of all of these addictions, the worst and most dangerous addiction we have is the greed of the oligarchs.

Now everybody wants to do well in life. Everybody wants to make money. But you would think that if you had a few billion dollars or $10 or $20 billion, you would not feel obliged to step on the backs of poor people to become even richer. But that is exactly what they are doing right now. They are prepared to destroy retirement programs, healthcare programs, veterans' benefits in order to make themselves even richer.

These guys have no sense of what goes on in the real world. They live in another planet. They own mansions all over the world. They go on vacations to their own private islands. When they want to go someplace, they don't go into their car. They go into the planes or the helicopters that they own. Send their kids to the best private schools and colleges. That is their world.

A great president once talked about a government of the people, by the people, for the people. Well, the current administration has a government of the billionaires, by the billionaires, and for the billionaires.

And what these guys are busy doing right now is going after healthcare programs, going after retirement benefits, going after nutrition programs. The rich want to get richer and they don't care who they step on.

You know why the American people are angry and they are angry all over this country? They are angry because, believe it or not, despite a huge increase in worker productivity over the last 52 years, if you could believe it, real inflation accounted for wages today are lower than they were 52 years ago. Meanwhile, there has been a massive transfer of wealth from the bottom 90% to the top 1%. That is what a rigged economy is about, and that is what we are going to change.

You got a president getting inaugurated. And I must tell you one of the more bizarre experiences of my life was I was kind of pushed into the front row of that. And there I am, there's the president, and right behind him, you got the tech billionaires, three wealthiest guys in the country. And then behind them, you got 13 other billionaires who the president nominated to head up various government agencies.

I don't care if you are a member of any political party, I don't think there's anybody who thinks it vaguely makes sense that the richest guy in the world could spend hundreds of millions to get the president elected and then become the most powerful person in the government. That's not just one party. Let's be clear. Billionaires are funding both major parties and preventing those parties from standing up for working families.

I don't have a degree in mathematics, but I do know this, that 99% is a hell of a lot larger number than 1%. So if we stand together, are strong, are disciplined, are smart, I have every reason to believe deeply in my heart that not only will we defeat the oligarchy, but we can create the kind of nation that we deserve.