We come here today with a great sense of misgiving. It is true that we support the administration's civil rights bill. We support it with great reservations, however. Unless key enforcement provisions are put in this bill, there's nothing to protect the young children and old women who must face police dogs and fire hoses in the South while they engage in peaceful demonstrations. In its present form, this bill will not protect the citizens of affected communities, who must live in constant fear of a police state. It will not protect the hundreds and thousands of people who have been arrested upon trumped-up charges.

What about the three young men - civil rights field workers in the affected regions - who face the death penalty for engaging in peaceful protest? As it stands now, the voting section of this bill will not help the thousands of black people who want to vote. It will not help the citizens of the affected states, who are qualified to vote but lack educational requirements.

We must have legislation that will protect the sharecropper who is put off of his farm because he dares to register to vote. We need a bill that will provide for the homeless and starving people of this nation. We need a bill to ensure the equality of a maid who earns minimal wages in the home of a family whose total income is substantial. We must have a good fair employment practices bill.

My friends, let us not forget that we are involved in a serious social revolution. By and large, American politics is dominated by politicians who build their careers on immoral compromises and ally themselves with open forms of political, economic, and social exploitation. There are exceptions, of course - we salute those - but what political leader can stand up and say, "My party is the party of principles"? For the party of progressive leaders is also the party of segregationists. The party of civil rights advocates is also the party of conservative opposition.

Where is our party? Where is the political party that will make it unnecessary to march on the capital? Where is the political party that will make it unnecessary to march in the streets of affected cities? Where is the political party that will protect the citizens of targeted communities? Do you know that in affected regions, nine of our leaders have been indicted, not by local officials, but by the federal government for peaceful protest?

But what did the federal government do when local police deputies beat a civil rights attorney and left him half-dead? What did the federal government do when local police officials kicked and assaulted the pregnant wife of a civil rights leader, and she lost her baby? To those who have said, "Be patient and wait," we must say that we cannot be patient. We do not want our freedom gradually, but we want to be free now!

We are tired! We are tired of being beaten by policemen. We are tired of seeing our people locked up in jails over and over again. And then you holler, "Be patient." How long can we be patient? We want our freedom and we want it now!

We do not want to go to jail, but we will go to jail if this is the price we must pay for love, brotherhood, and true peace. I appeal to all of you to get in this great revolution that is sweeping this nation. Get in and stay in the streets of every city, every village and hamlet of this nation until true freedom comes, until the revolution of our founding is complete.

We must get in this revolution and complete the revolution. For in the rural regions, in affected communities, in the urban centers, and all over this nation, the black masses are on the march for jobs and freedom.

They're talking about slow down and stop. We will not stop! All of the forces of segregationist leaders will not stop this revolution!

If we do not get meaningful legislation out of this Congress, the time will come when we will not confine our marching to the capital. We will march through the South, through the streets of affected cities, through the communities under oppression. But we will march with the spirit of love and with the spirit of dignity that we have shown here today.

By the forces of our demands, our determination, and our numbers, we shall splinter the segregated South into a thousand pieces and put them together in the image of justice and democracy. We must say: Wake up America! Wake up! For we cannot stop, and we will not and cannot be patient!