REPUBLICAN

PLATFORM

2016

H H H H
H H H

We dedicate this platform with admiration and gratitude

H H H H H
To all who stand strong in the face of danger
So that the American people may be protected against it —
The men and women of our military,
of our law enforcement, and the first responders
of every community in our land —
And to their families.

Paid for by the Committee on Arrangements for the 2016 Republican National Convention
Not Authorized By Any Candidate Or Candidate’s Committee
www.gopconvention2016.com

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Preamble
With this platform, we the Republican Party
reaffirm the principles that unite us in a common purpose.
We believe in American exceptionalism.
We believe the United States of America is
unlike any other nation on earth.
We believe America is exceptional because of
our historic role — first as refuge, then as defender,
and now as exemplar of liberty for the world to see.
We affirm — as did the Declaration of
Independence: that all are created equal, endowed
by their Creator with inalienable rights of life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.
We believe in the Constitution as our founding
document.
We believe the Constitution was written not as
a flexible document, but as our enduring covenant.
We believe our constitutional system — limited
government, separation of powers, federalism,
and the rights of the people — must be preserved
uncompromised for future generations.
We believe political freedom and economic
freedom are indivisible.
When political freedom and economic freedom
are separated — both are in peril; when united, they
are invincible.
We believe that people are the ultimate resource
— and that the people, not the government, are the
best stewards of our country’s God-given natural
resources.
As Americans and as Republicans we wish for
peace — so we insist on strength. We will make
America safe. We seek friendship with all peoples
and all nations, but we recognize and are prepared
to deal with evil in the world.
Based on these principles, this platform is an
invitation and a roadmap. It invites every American
to join us and shows the path to a stronger, safer,
and more prosperous America.
This platform is optimistic because the

American people are optimistic.
This platform lays out — in clear language — the
path to making America great and united again.
For the past 8 years America has been led in the
wrong direction.
Our economy has become unnecessarily weak
with stagnant wages. People living paycheck to
paycheck are struggling, sacrificing, and suffering.
Americans have earned and deserve a strong
and healthy economy.
Our standing in world affairs has declined
significantly — our enemies no longer fear us and
our friends no long trust us.
People want and expect an America that is the
most powerful and respected country on the face
of the earth.
The men and women of our military remain
the world’s best. The have been shortchanged in
numbers, equipment, and benefits by a Commander
in Chief who treats the Armed Forces and our
veterans as a necessary inconvenience.
The President and the Democratic party have
dismantled Americans’ system of healthcare. They
have replaced it with a costly and complicated
scheme that limits choices and takes away our
freedom.
The President and the Democratic party have
abandoned their promise of being accountable to
the American people.
They have nearly doubled the size of the
national debt.
They refuse to control our borders but try
to control our schools, farms, businesses, and
even our religious institutions. They have directly
attacked the production of American energy and
the industry-related jobs that have sustained families
and communities.

i

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

The President has been regulating to death
a free market economy that he does not like and
does not understand. He defies the laws of the
United States by refusing to enforce those with
which he does not agree. And he appoints judges
who legislate from the bench rather than apply the
law.
We, as Republicans and Americans, cannot
allow this to continue. That is why the many sections
of this platform affirm our trust in the people, our
faith in their judgment, and our determination to
help them take back their country.
This means removing the power from unelected,
unaccountable government.
This means relieving the burden and expense of
punishing government regulations.

2 0 1 6

•

And this means returning to the people and
the states the control that belongs to them. It is the
control and the power to make their own decisions
about what’s best for themselves and their families
and communities.
This platform is many things: A handbook for
returning decision-making to the people. A guide
to the constitutional rights of every American. And
a manual for the kind of sustained growth that will
bring opportunity to all those on the sidelines of our
society.
Every time we sing, “God Bless America,” we
are asking for help. We ask for divine help that our
country can fulfill its promise. We earn that help by
recommitting ourselves to the ideas and ideals that
are the true greatness of America.

Senator John Barrasso
CHAIRMAN

Governor Mary Fallin

Representative Virginia Foxx

CO-CHAIR

CO-CHAIR

ii

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

Table of Contents
1

Restoring the American Dream

9

A Rebirth of Constitutional Government

17

America’s Natural Resources:
Agriculture, Energy, and the Environment

23

Government Reform

31

Great American Families, Education,
Healthcare, and Criminal Justice

41

America Resurgent

iii

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

Restoring the American Dream
H H H H H
Rebuilding the Economy and Creating Jobs
erations ago before President Reagan was elected
We are the party of a growing economy that
in 1980. Business closures have exceeded business
gives everyone a chance in life, an opportunity to
startups throughout the Obama Presidency. Strong
learn, work, and realize the prosperity freedom
growth, more jobs, increasing incomes, and expandmakes possible.
ing opportunity are all in short supply under PresiGovernment cannot create prosperity, though
dent Obama and the Democrats.
government can limit or destroy it. Prosperity is the
We repudiate the absurd idea this is the best
product of self-discipline, enterprise, saving and inAmerica can do. The American people rejected that
vestment by individuals, but it is not an end in itself.
nonsense the last time it was offered, in the historic
Prosperity provides the means by which citizens
election of 1980, and we ask them to join us now
and their families can maintain their independence
to again repudiate the false gospel of America’s difrom government, raise their children by their own
minishment and retreat. We offer instead our vision
values, practice their faith, and build communities
of an opportunity society based on the economics
of cooperation and mutual respect. It is also the
of inclusion.
foundation for our nation’s global leadership, for it
is the vigor of our economy which makes possible
Fair and Simple Taxes for Growth
our military strength and our national security.
Republicans consider the establishment of a
Pundits and Democrats tell us that we should
pro-growth tax code a moral imperative. More than
accept the new normal of a slow-growing economy.
any other public policy, the way government raises
The consequences are too dire to ever accept that:
revenue — how much, at what rates, under what
President Obama and his party
circumstances, from whom,
will set a record of being the first
and for whom — has the greatmodern president ever to leave
est impact on our economy’s
Republicans consider
office without a single calendar
It powerfully inthe establishment of a performance.
year of three percent economic
fluences the level of economic
pro-growth tax code a growth and job creation, which
growth. As a result, the number
of Americans living in poverty
translates into the level of opmoral imperative.
has increased by 7 million, our
portunity for those who would
nation’s economy has lost nearly
otherwise be left behind. Get$8 trillion of cumulative output compared with an
ting our tax system right will be the most imporaverage recovery, and the economic growth shorttant factor in driving the entire economy back to
fall has left a cumulative real after-tax per person
prosperity.
The current tax code is rightly the object of
personal income shortfall of nearly $17,000 comboth anger and mockery. Its length is exceeded
pared with an average recovery.
only by its complexity. We must start anew. That
Under President Obama and the Democrats,
will be an enormous undertaking and, if it is to sucnew private-sector jobs are three million below
ceed, it must command the attention and approval
where they should have been with just average
of the American people. It cannot be engineered
modern post-recession growth. Our labor force
from the top down, but must have a common sense
participation rate has plunged to at or below 63
approach, and be simplified.
percent for far too long, lows last seen two gen1

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Our proposal is straightforward. Wherever tax
rates penalize thrift or discourage investment, they
must be lowered. Wherever current provisions of
the code are disincentives for economic growth,
they must be changed. We will not divide the
American people into winners and losers. We will
eliminate as many special interest provisions and
loopholes as possible and curb corporate welfare,
especially where their erosion of the tax base has
created pressure for higher rates. We will be mindful
of the burdens on families with children and the impact on an aging population. We will seek simplicity
and clarity so that every taxpayer can understand
how much of their income is consumed by the federal government.
We will welcome all to this enterprise — to
discuss, debate, challenge, and amend — so that
together we can restore economic growth for the
American people and, even more important, renew
their faith in the future.

2 0 1 6

•

in part to high corporate tax rates and increasing
regulatory burdens and uncertainty.
American businesses now face the world’s
highest corporate tax rates. That’s like putting lead
shoes on your cross-country team. It reduces companies’ ability to compete overseas, encourages
them to move abroad, lessens their investment,
cripples job creation here at home, lowers American wages, and fosters the avoidance of tax liability
— without actually increasing tax revenues. A more
damaging policy is hard to imagine. We propose to
level the international playing field by lowering the
corporate tax rate to be on a par with, or below,
the rates of other industrial nations. We endorse
the recommendation of the National Commission
on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform, as well as the
current Administration’s Export Council, to switch
to a territorial system of taxation so that profits
earned and taxed abroad may be repatriated for
job-creating investment here at home. We believe
American companies should be headquartered in
America. We should reduce barriers to accomplishing that goal.

Our Tax Principles
To ensure that past abuses will not be repeated,
we assert these fundamental principles. We oppose
retroactive taxation. We condemn attempts by activist judges at any level of government to seize the
power of the purse from the people’s elected representatives by ordering higher taxes.
We oppose tax policies that deliberately divide Americans or promote class warfare. Because
of the vital role of religious organizations, charities,
and fraternal benevolent societies in fostering generosity and patriotism, they should not be subject
to taxation and donations to them should remain
deductible. To guard against hypertaxation of the
American people in any restructuring of the federal
tax system, any value added tax or national sales
tax must be tied to the simultaneous repeal of the
Sixteenth Amendment, which established the federal income tax.

A Winning Trade Policy
International trade is crucial for all sectors of
America’s economy. Massive trade deficits are not.
We envision a worldwide multilateral agreement
among nations committed to the principles of open
markets, what has been called a “Reagan Economic
Zone,” in which free trade will truly be fair trade for
all concerned.
We need better negotiated trade agreements
that put America first. When trade agreements have
been carefully negotiated with friendly democracies, they have resulted in millions of new jobs here
at home supported by our exports. When those
agreements do not adequately protect U.S. interests, U.S. sovereignty, or when they are violated with
impunity, they must be rejected.
We cannot allow foreign governments to limit
American access to their markets while stealing our
designs, patents, brands, know-how, and technology. We cannot allow China to continue its currency
manipulation, exclusion of U.S. products from government purchases, and subsidization of Chinese
companies to thwart American imports. The current Administration’s way of dealing with these vio-

A Competitive America
Competitiveness equals jobs. That equation
governs our policies regarding U.S. corporations
in the global economy. Private investment is a key
driver of economic growth and job creation. After
falling dramatically during the recession, private investment has recovered at a disappointing pace due
2

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

lations of world trade standards has been a virtual
surrender.
Republicans understand that you can succeed
in a negotiation only if you are willing to walk away
from it. A Republican president will insist on parity
in trade and stand ready to implement countervailing duties if other countries refuse to cooperate.
At the same time, we look to broaden our
trade agreements with countries which share our
values and commitment to fairness, along with
transparency in our commercial and business
practices. In pursuing that objective, the American
people demand transparency, full disclosure,
protection of our national sovereignty, and tough
negotiation on the part of those who are supposed
to advance the interests of U.S. workers. Significant
trade agreements should not be rushed or
undertaken in a Lame Duck Congress.

2 0 1 6

•

small business loans are made by community banks.
From start-ups foregone to home loans not made,
Dodd-Frank’s excessive regulation and burdensome requirements have helped contribute to the
slow economy we all endure today under President
Obama and the Democrats.
Community banks are essential to ensuring
small businesses have easy and affordable access to the capital they need to grow and prosper.
Community banks should be relieved of excessive
regulations. We support removing roadblocks and
regulations that prevent access to capital.
The worst of Dodd-Frank is the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau, deliberately designed
to be a rogue agency. It answers to neither Congress
nor the executive, has its own guaranteed funding
outside the appropriations process, and uses its
slush fund to steer settlements to politically favored
groups.
Its Director has dictatorial powers unique in the
American Republic. Its regulatory harassment of
local and regional banks, the source of most home
mortgages and small business loans, advantages
big banks and makes it harder for Americans to buy
a home. Its one-size-fits-all approach to every issue
threatens the diversity of the country’s financial system and would leave us with just a few enormous
institutions, as in many European countries.
If the Bureau is not abolished, it should be subjected to congressional appropriation. In that way,
consumer protection in the financial markets can be
advanced through measures that are both effective
and constitutional. Any settlements arising from
statutory violations by financial institutions must be
used to make whole the harmed consumers, with
any remaining proceeds given to the general Treasury. Diversion of settlement funds to politicallyconnected parties should be a criminal offense.
Republicans believe that no financial institution
is too big to fail. We support legislation to ensure
that the problems of any financial institution can be
resolved through the Bankruptcy Code. We endorse
prudent regulation of the banking system to ensure
that FDIC-regulated banks are properly capitalized
and taxpayers are protected against bailouts. We
will end the government’s use of disparate impact
theory in enforcing anti-discrimination laws with regard to lending.

Freeing Financial Markets
The Republican vision for American banking
calls for establishing transparent, efficient markets
where consumers can obtain loans they need at reasonable rates based on market conditions. Unfortunately, in response to the financial institutions crisis
of 2008-2009, the Democratic-controlled Congress
enacted the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, otherwise known as Dodd-Frank. They
did not let the crisis go to waste but used it as an
excuse to establish unprecedented government
control over the nation’s financial markets. The consequences have been bad for everyone except federal regulators.
Rather than address the cause of the crisis —
the government’s own housing policies — the new
law extended government control over the economy by creating new unaccountable bureaucracies.
Predictably, central planning of our financial sector
has not created jobs, it has killed them. It has not
limited risks, it has created more. It has not encouraged economic growth, it has shackled it.
Since the enactment of Dodd-Frank, the number of community banks has significantly declined,
and the cost and complexity of complying with
the law has created impediments to the remaining
banks’ ability to support the customers they serve.
From 13,000 community banks in 1985, only 1,900
remain. Still, the majority of agricultural loans and
3

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Responsible Homeownership and
Rental Opportunities
Homeownership expands personal liberty,
builds communities, and helps Americans create
wealth. “The American Dream” is not a stale slogan.
It is the lived reality that expresses the aspirations of
all our people. It means a decent place to live, a safe
place to raise kids, a welcoming place to retire. It
bespeaks the quiet pride of those who work hard to
shelter their family and, in the process, create caring
neighborhoods.
The Great Recession devastated the housing
market. U.S. taxpayers paid billions to rescue Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, the latter managed and
controlled by senior officials from the Carter and
Clinton Administrations, and to cover the losses of
the poorly-managed Federal Housing Administration. Millions lost their homes, millions more lost
value in their homes.
More than six million households had to move
from homeownership to renting. Rental costs escalated so that today nearly 12 million families spend
more than 50 percent of their incomes just on rent.
The national homeownership rate has sharply fallen
and the rate for minority households and young
adults has plummeted. So many remain unemployed or underemployed, and for the lucky ones
with jobs, rising rents make it harder to save for a
mortgage.
There is a growing sense that our national standard of living will never be as high as it was in the
past. We understand that pessimism but do not
share it, for we believe that sound public policies
can restore growth to our economy, vigor to the
housing market, and hope to those who are now on
the margins of prosperity.
Our goal is to advance responsible homeownership while guarding against the abuses that
led to the housing collapse. We must scale back
the federal role in the housing market, promote responsibility on the part of borrowers and lenders,
and avoid future taxpayer bailouts. Reforms should
provide clear and prudent underwriting standards
and guidelines on predatory lending and acceptable
lending practices. Compliance with regulatory standards should constitute a legal safe harbor to guard
against opportunistic litigation by trial lawyers.
We call for a comprehensive review of federal

2 0 1 6

•

regulations, especially those dealing with the environment, that make it harder and more costly for
Americans to rent, buy, or sell homes.
For nine years, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
have been in conservatorship and the current
Administration and Democrats have prevented
any effort to reform them. Their corrupt business
model lets shareholders and executives reap huge
profits while the taxpayers cover all loses. The
utility of both agencies should be reconsidered as a
Republican administration clears away the jumble of
subsidies and controls that complicate and distort
home-buying.
The Federal Housing Administration, which
provides taxpayer-backed guarantees in the
mortgage market, should no longer support highincome individuals, and the public should not be
financially exposed by risks taken by FHA officials.
We will end the government mandates that
required Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and federallyinsured banks to satisfy lending quotas to specific
groups. Discrimination should have no place in the
mortgage industry.
Zoning decisions have always been, and must
remain, under local control. The current Administration is trying to seize control of the zoning process
through its Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing
regulation. It threatens to undermine zoning laws in
order to socially engineer every community in the
country. While the federal government has a legitimate role in enforcing non-discrimination laws, this
regulation has nothing to do with proven or alleged
discrimination and everything to do with hostility to
the self-government of citizens.
America on the Move
Our country’s investments in transportation
and other public construction have traditionally
been non-partisan. Everyone agrees on the need
for clean water and safe roads, rail, bridges, ports,
and airports. President Eisenhower established a
tradition of Republican leadership in this regard by
championing the creation of the interstate highway
system. In recent years, bipartisan cooperation led
to major legislation improving the nation’s ports and
waterways.
Our Republican majority ended the practice
of earmarks, which often diverted transportation
4

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

spending to politically favored projects. In the curwe will remove legal roadblocks to public-private
rent Congress, Republicans have secured the lonpartnership agreements that can save the taxpaygest reauthorization of the Highway Trust Fund in a
ers’ money and bring outside investment to meet a
decade and are advancing a comprehensive reform
community’s needs. With most of the states increasof the Federal Aviation Administration to make flying their own funding for transportation, we oppose
ing easier and more secure.
a further increase in the federal gas tax.
The current Administration has a different apAlthough unionization has never been perproach. It subordinates civil engineering to social
mitted in any government agency concerned with
engineering as it pursues an exclusively urban vinational security, the current Administration has
sion of dense housing and government transit. Its
reversed that policy for the Transportation Secuill-named Livability Initiative is meant to “coerce
rity Administration. We will correct that mistake.
people out of their cars.” This is the same menAmericans understand that, with the threat of tertality that once led Congress to impose by fiat a
rorism, their travel may encounter delays, but unsingle maximum speed limit for the entire nation,
acceptably long lines at security checks can have
from Manhattan to Montana. Our 1980 Republican
the same impact as a collapsed bridge or washed
Platform pledged to repeal that
out highway. TSA employees
edict. After the election of Ronshould always be seen as guardald Reagan, we did.
ians of the public’s safety, not as
We envision
Now we make the same
just another part of the federal
government at all
pledge regarding the current
workforce.
problems in transportation polAmtrak is an extremely
levels as a partner
icy. We propose to remove from
expensive railroad for the
with individuals
the Highway Trust Fund proAmerican taxpayers, who must
grams that should not be the
subsidize every ticket. The fedand industries
business of the federal governeral government should allow
in technological
ment.
private ventures to provide pasprogress, not a
More than a quarter of the
senger service in the northeast
Fund’s spending is diverted from
The same holds true
meddlesome monitor. corridor.
its original purpose. One fifth of
with regard to high-speed and
its funds are spent on mass tranintercity rail across the country.
sit, an inherently local affair that
We reaffirm our intention to end
serves only a small portion of the population, confederal support for boondoggles like California’s
centrated in six big cities. Additional funds are used
high-speed train to nowhere.
for bike-share programs, sidewalks, recreational
Building the Future: Technology
trails, landscaping, and historical renovations. Other
The digital revolution has transformed how we
beneficiaries of highway money are ferry boats, the
work, learn, sell, shop, socialize — in short, how we
federal lands access program, scenic byways, and
live. Technological change drives our positions with
education initiatives. These worthwhile enterprises
regard to STEM education, business and corporate
should be funded through other sources.
involvement with educational certifications, workWe propose to phase out the federal transit
force issues, privacy, cyber and national security, enprogram and reform provisions of the National Energy development, regulation, and other elements
vironmental Policy Act which can delay and drive
of our campaign for growth and jobs. It is why we
up costs for transportation projects. We renew our
propose to simplify the tax code, reduce corporate
call for repeal of the Davis-Bacon law, which limits
rates, transition to a territorial system, and create
employment and drives up construction and mainincentives for investment and innovation.
tenance costs for the benefit of unions. Recognizing
We envision government at all levels as a partthat, over time, additional revenue will be needed to
ner with individuals and industries in technologiexpand the carrying capacity of roads and bridges,
5

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

cal progress, not a meddlesome monitor. We want
to create a business climate that rewards risk and
promotes innovation, a learning system that gives
Americans the skills needed to seize the opportunities of the 21st century, and an international order
that maintains a fair and open global market for
America’s goods and services. We intend to advance policies that protect data privacy while fostering innovation and growth and ensuring the free
flow of data across borders.
Together, broadband and good ideas have
become the 21st century engines of American ingenuity. Innovation, by its nature, is disruptive. In
challenging legacy forms of business, innovation
creates new jobs, gives access to new markets,
opens opportunity to underserved populations, and
expands consumer choice. Government must give
America’s innovators the freedom to create and, on
their merits, succeed or fail.
Our agenda includes balanced protections
for intellectual property, explained elsewhere in
this document. We intend to facilitate access to
spectrum by paving the way for high-speed, nextgeneration broadband deployment and competition on the internet and for internet services. We
want government to encourage the sharing economy and on-demand platforms to compete in an
open market, and we believe public policies should
encourage the innovation and competition that are
essential for an Internet of Things to thrive.
Government must keep pace with the technology deployed in the private sector. There is an urgent need to modernize the federal government’s
legacy systems and to recruit the skilled technical
personnel who can advance the adoption of innovation in the public sector. At the cost of billions, the
current Administration has done little to advance
our goal of universal broadband coverage. That
hurts rural America, where farmers, ranchers, and
small business people need connectivity to operate
in real time with the world’s producers. Almost ten
million Americans have given up wired broadband
connections in just the last two years alone, and millions more have never been connected in the first
place.
We encourage public-private partnerships to
provide predictable support for connecting rural

2 0 1 6

•

areas so that every American can fully participate
in the global economy.
The public-private partnerships between
NASA, the Department of Defense, and commercial
companies have given us technological progress
that has reduced the cost of accessing space and
extended America’s space leadership in the commercial, civil, and national security spheres. The
entrepreneurship and innovation culture of the free
market is revitalizing the nation’s space capabilities,
saving taxpayer money, and advancing technology
critical to maintain America’s edge in space and in
other fields.
To protect our national security interests and
foster innovation and competitiveness, we must
sustain our preeminence in space by launching
more scientific missions, guaranteeing unfettered
access, and ensuring that our space-related industries remain a source of scientific leadership and
education.
Building the Future: America’s Electric Grid
Our nation’s interstate electric transmission
system has long been a catalyst for developing and
delivering low cost energy while spurring economic
growth throughout the United States The grid is
aging, vulnerable to cyber and terrorist threats, and
unprepared to serve our energy needs of tomorrow.
It should not take seven to ten years to plan and
construct a transmission line. We support expedited
siting processes and the thoughtful expansion of
the grid so that consumers and businesses continue
to have access to affordable and reliable electricity.
Start-up Century: Small Business
and Entrepreneurship
A central reason why the 20th century came
to be called the American Century was the ability
of individuals to invent and create in a land of free
markets. Back then they were called risk-takers,
dreamers, and small business owners. Today they
are the entrepreneurs, independent contractors,
and small business men and women of our new
economy. Their innovation drives improvement and
forces long-established institutions to adapt or fade
away. Many of them are so young they remember
little if anything of the last century because dy-

6

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

namic progress does not look back. As in the past,
they still create most new jobs and form the commercial network that holds communities together.
Their enterprise is the lifeblood of our economy, but
it is weakening.
More businesses are closing in our country than
are starting. Older firms are an increasing proportion of companies. Productivity growth has slowed.
This is not the way to jumpstart a new era of growth.
We need to consider the effect of capital gains rates
on the availability of venture capital, as well as the
positive impact of expensing on start-up firms.
We should reduce the occupational licensing
laws that shut untold millions of potential workers
out of entrepreneurial careers. We must overturn
the regulatory nightmare, created by the DoddFrank law, for the community banks and savings
and loans that provide nearly half of all smallbusiness loans and over three-quarters of all agricultural loans. Indeed, the world of the app economy
cries out for the comprehensive regulatory reform
proposed elsewhere in this platform. We must challenge established interests and traditional business
patterns to facilitate market entry of new business
models, including inventive means of transport, delivery, and communication.
As incubators of unconventional thinking, our
country’s existing research infrastructure — the National Labs, the National Institutes of Health, NASA,
and elements of the Defense Department — have
the potential to form partnerships with small businesses to create an American Start-Up Century.

2 0 1 6

•

the Federal Reserve remains insulated from political pressures and its decisions are based on sound
economic principles and sound money rather than
political pressures for easy money and loose credit.
Determined to crush the double-digit inflation
that was part of the Carter Administration’s economic legacy, President Reagan, shortly after his
inauguration, established a commission to consider
the feasibility of a metallic basis for U.S. currency. In
2012, facing the task of cleaning up the wreckage of
the current Administration’s policies, we proposed a
similar commission to investigate ways to set a fixed
value for the dollar.
With Republican leadership, the House of Representatives has passed legislation to set up just
such a commission. We recommend its enactment
by the full Congress and the commission’s careful
consideration of ways to secure the integrity of our
currency.
Workplace Freedom for a
21st Century Workforce
The greatest asset of the American economy
is the hard-working American. That is why our first
priority is getting people back to work by fostering
the kind of growth that creates jobs. That overarching goal unites all the sections of this platform. It
runs through our commitments on education and
workforce development. It underlies our approach
to welfare reform, regulatory reform, and our determination to advance the kind of trade agreements that multiply opportunities for workers here
at home. It also impels us to challenge the anachronistic labor laws that limit workers’ freedom and
lock them into the workplace rules of their greatgrandfathers.
Instead of facilitating change, the current Administration and its agents at the National Labor
Relations Board are determined to reverse it. They
are attacking the franchise model of business development, which is essential to the flexibility and
creativity of the new economy. They are wielding
provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act from the
1930s, designed to fit a manufacturing workplace,
to deny flexibility to both employers and employees. They have repealed union transparency rules
that allowed members to discover what was being

The Federal Reserve
Because the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy
decisions affect job creation, upward mobility for
workers, and equitable prosperity, they should be
transparent. Similarly, the Federal Reserve’s important role as a lender of last resort should also be
carried out in a more transparent manner. The Republican Party will advance legislation that brings
transparency and accountability to the Federal Reserve, the Federal Open Market Committee, and the
Federal Reserve’s dealing with foreign banks.
The first step is through an annual audit of
the Federal Reserve’s activities. Such an audit
would need to be carefully implemented so that

7

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

done with their dues. They have outlawed alternatives to unions even when they were favored by the
workers.
Their Project Labor Agreements discriminate
against the overwhelming majority of workers by
barring them from jobs on taxpayer-funded projects. Their patronizing and controlling approach
leaves workers in a form of peonage to the NLRB.
We intend to restore fairness and common sense to
that agency.
Technology has already created jobs that did
not exist fifteen years ago, and today’s workers
need flexibility and family-friendly options to make
the most of them, especially portability in pension
plans and health insurance.
We intend to encourage those trends by bringing labor law into the 21st century. It should encourage cooperation between management and
workers, not conflict. All workers, including union
members, must be free to accept raises and rewards without veto power from union officials. All
unionized workers should be able to find out what
is going on in their union trust funds and in their
executive compensation. We support the right of
states to enact Right-to-Work laws and call for a
national law to protect the economic liberty of the
modern workforce.
All Americans deserve the opportunity to pursue their American dream free from discrimination.
Clear nondiscrimination policies ensure all employees have the chance to succeed based solely on
their merits. These policies are vital to creating an
inclusive, innovative, and competitive workforce.
Republicans believe that the employeremployee relationship of the future will be built
upon employee empowerment and workplace
flexibility. We therefore endorse employee stock
ownership plans that enable workers to become
capitalists, expand the realm of private property,

2 0 1 6

•

and energize a free enterprise economy.
Minimum wage is an issue that should be handled at the state and local level.
A Federal Workforce Serving the People
The federal workforce is larger and more highly
paid than ever. The taxpayers spend an average of
$35,000 a year per employee on non-cash benefits,
triple the average non-cash compensation of the
average worker in the private sector. Federal employees receive extraordinary pension benefits and
vacation time wildly out of line with those of the
private sector.
We urge Congress to bring federal compensation and benefits in line with the standards of most
American employees. A Republican administration
should streamline personnel procedures to expedite
the firing of bad workers, tax cheats, and scammers.
The unionization of the federal workforce, first permitted by Democrat presidents in the 1960s, should
be reviewed by the appropriate congressional committees to examine its effects on the cost, quality,
and performance of the civil service. Union representatives in the federal workforce should not be
paid to conduct union business on the public’s time.
Reducing the Federal Debt
Our national debt is a burden on our economy
and families. The huge increase in the national
debt demanded by and incurred during the current
Administration has placed a significant burden on
future generations. We must impose firm caps on
future debt, accelerate the repayment of the trillions
we now owe in order to reaffirm our principles of
responsible and limited government, and remove
the burdens we are placing on future generations.
A strong economy is one key to debt reduction,
but spending restraint is a necessary component
that must be vigorously pursued.

8

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

A Rebirth of Constitutional Government
H H H H H
We the People
We are the party of the Declaration of
Independence and the Constitution. The Declaration
sets forth the fundamental precepts of American
government: That God bestows certain inalienable
rights on every individual, thus producing human
equality; that government exists first and foremost
to protect those inalienable rights; that man-made
law must be consistent with God-given, natural
rights; and that if God-given, natural, inalienable
rights come in conflict with government, court,
or human-granted rights, God-given, natural,
inalienable rights always prevail; that there is a
moral law recognized as “the Laws of Nature and
of Nature’s God”; and that American government
is to operate with the consent of the governed. We
are also the party of the Constitution, the greatest
political document ever written. It is the solemn
compact built upon principles of the Declaration
that enshrines our God-given individual rights and
ensures that all Americans stand equal before the
law, defines the purposes and limits of government,
and is the blueprint for ordered liberty that makes
the United States the world’s freest and most
prosperous nation.
We reaffirm the Constitution’s fundamental
principles: limited government, separation of
powers, individual liberty, and the rule of law. We
denounce bigotry, racism, anti-Semitism, ethnic
prejudice, and religious intolerance. Therefore, we
oppose discrimination based on race, sex, religion,
creed, disability, or national origin and support
statutes to end such discrimination. As the Party
of Abraham Lincoln, we must continue to foster
solutions to America’s difficult challenges when
it comes to race relations today. We continue to
encourage equality for all citizens and access to
the American Dream. Merit and hard work should
determine advancement in our society, so we reject
unfair preferences, quotas, and set-asides as forms

of discrimination. Our ranks include Americans
from every faith and tradition, and we respect the
right of each American to follow his or her deeply
held beliefs.
Our Constitution is in crisis. More than 90
percent of federal requirements are now imposed
by regulatory agencies, without any vote of the
House or Senate or signature of the President.
The current Administration has exceeded its
constitutional authority, brazenly and flagrantly
violated the separation of powers, sought to divide
America into groups and turn citizen against citizen.
The President has refused to defend or enforce laws
he does not like, used executive orders to enact
national policies in areas constitutionally reserved
solely to Congress, made unconstitutional “recess”
appointments to Senate-confirmed positions,
directed regulatory agencies to overstep their
statutory authority, and failed to consult Congress
regarding military action overseas. He has changed
what John Adams called “a government of laws and
not of men” into just the opposite.
Democrats in Congress have enabled,
supported, and defended each of these breaches.
They have applauded the President’s efforts to
do an end-run around Congress and stymied
Republican efforts to restrain executive lawlessness.
Democrats in Congress have also endorsed an anticonstitutional agenda of their own. Forty-eight
Democratic senators, for instance, voted to amend
the Bill of Rights to give government officials control
over political speech. Democrats in Congress have
likewise proposed bills that would limit religious
liberty, undermine property rights, and eviscerate
the Second Amendment.
In a free society, the primary role of government
is to protect the God-given, inalienable rights of
its citizens. These constitutional rights are not
negotiable for any American. We affirm that all
legislation, regulation, and official actions must
9

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

powers. In tandem with a Republican Senate, a
new Republican president will restore to the Court
a strong conservative majority that will follow the
text and original meaning of the Constitution and
our laws.
The legitimate powers of government are
rooted in the consent of the American people.
Judicial activism that includes reliance on foreign
law or unratified treaties undermines American
sovereignty. Foreign laws and precedents should
not be used to interpret our Constitution or laws,
nor should foreign sources of law be used in state
courts’ adjudication of criminal or civil matters.
We also affirm the wisdom of President
George Washington’s warning to avoid foreign
entanglements and unnecessary alliances. We
therefore oppose the adoption or ratification of
treaties that would weaken or encroach upon
American sovereignty or that could be construed
by courts to do so. We will not recognize as binding
upon the United States any international agreement forged without the constitutionally required
assent of two-thirds of the United States Senate.

conform to the Constitution’s original meaning as
understood at the time the language was adopted.
Our most urgent task as a Party is to restore
the American people’s faith in their government by
electing a president who will enforce duly enacted
laws, honor constitutional limits on executive
authority, and return credibility to the Oval Office.
We need a Republican president who will end
abuses of power by departments and agencies,
like the IRS and the EPA, and by the White House
itself. Safeguarding our liberties requires a president
who will respect the Constitution’s separation of
powers, including the authority of Congress to write
legislation and define agency authority. Americans
also deserve a president who will speak for our
nation’s history and values, not apologize for them
to our enemies.
The Judiciary
The rule of law is the foundation of our Republic.
A critical threat to our country’s constitutional order
is an activist judiciary that usurps powers properly
reserved to the people through other branches
of government. Only a Republican president
will appoint judges who respect the rule of law
expressed within the Constitution and Declaration
of Independence, including the inalienable right
to life and the laws of nature and nature’s God, as
did the late Justice Antonin Scalia. We are facing a
national crisis in our judiciary. We understand that
only by electing a Republican president in 2016 will
America have the opportunity for up to five new
constitutionally-minded Supreme Court justices
appointed to fill vacancies on the Court. Only such
appointments will enable courts to begin to reverse
the long line of activist decisions — including
Roe, Obergefell, and the Obamacare cases — that
have usurped Congress’s and states’ lawmaking
authority, undermined constitutional protections,
expanded the power of the judiciary at the expense
of the people and their elected representatives,
and stripped the people of their power to govern
themselves. We believe in the constitutional checks
and balances and that the Founders intended the
judiciary to be the weakest branch. We encourage
Congress to use the check of impeachment for
judges who unconstitutionally usurp Article I

Administrative Law
Article I of the Constitution directs that “All
legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States….” For more
than a century, however, Congress has delegated
increasing amounts of legislative authority to
executive departments, agencies, and commissions,
laying the foundation for today’s vast administrative
state. Unelected bureaucrats in the executive
branch now write countless rules with the force of
law and arbitrarily punish individuals who disobey
those rules. The Constitution makes clear that these
powers were granted to Congress by the people
and must therefore remain solely with the people’s
elected representatives. We call on Congress to
begin reclaiming its constitutional powers from
the bureaucratic state by requiring that major new
federal regulations be approved by Congress before
they can take effect, such as through the Regulation
Freedom Amendment. We further affirm that courts
should interpret laws as written by Congress rather
than allowing executive agencies to rewrite those
laws to suit administration priorities.

10

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Defending Marriage Against
misguided effort to undermine religion and drive it
an Activist Judiciary
from the public square. As a result, many charitable
Traditional marriage and family, based on
religious institutions that have demonstrated
marriage between one man and one woman,
great success in helping the needy have been
is the foundation for a free society and has for
barred from receiving government grants and
millennia been entrusted with rearing children
contracts. Government officials threaten religious
and instilling cultural values. We condemn the
colleges and universities with massive fines and
Supreme Court’s ruling in
seek to control their personnel
United States v. Windsor, which
decisions. Places of worship
wrongly removed the ability of
for the first time in our history
Congress to define marriage
have reason to fear the loss
We pledge
policy in federal law. We also
of tax-exempt status merely
to defend the
condemn the Supreme Court’s
for espousing and practicing
lawless ruling in Obergefell v.
traditional religious beliefs
religious beliefs and
Hodges, which in the words of
that have been held across the
rights of conscience
the late Justice Antonin Scalia,
world for thousands of years,
was a “judicial Putsch” — full
and for almost four centuries
of all Americans and
of “silly extravagances” — that
in America. We value the right
to safeguard religious
reduced “the disciplined legal
of America’s religious leaders
reasoning of John Marshall and
to preach, and Americans to
institutions against
Joseph Storey to the mystical
speak freely, according to their
government control.
aphorisms of a fortune cookie.”
faith. Republicans believe the
In Obergefell, five unelected
federal government, specifically
lawyers robbed 320 million
the IRS, is constitutionally
Americans of their legitimate
prohibited from policing or
constitutional authority to define marriage as the
censoring speech based on religious convictions
union of one man and one woman. The Court
or beliefs, and therefore we urge the repeal of the
twisted the meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment
Johnson Amendment.
beyond recognition. To echo Scalia, we dissent.
We pledge to defend the religious beliefs
We, therefore, support the appointment of justices
and rights of conscience of all Americans and to
and judges who respect the constitutional limits on
safeguard religious institutions against government
their power and respect the authority of the states
control. We endorse the First Amendment Defense
to decide such fundamental social questions.
Act, Republican legislation in the House and Senate
which will bar government discrimination against
The First Amendment: Religious Liberty
individuals and businesses for acting on the belief
The Bill of Rights lists religious liberty, with
that marriage is the union of one man and one
its rights of conscience, as the first freedom to be
woman. This Act would protect the non-profit
protected. Religious freedom in the Bill of Rights
tax status of faith-based adoption agencies, the
protects the right of the people to practice their
accreditation of religious educational institutions,
faith in their everyday lives. As George Washington
the grants and contracts of faith-based charities
taught, “religion and morality are indispensable
and small businesses, and the licensing of religious
supports” to a free society. Similarly, Thomas
professions — all of which are under assault by
Jefferson declared that “No provision in our
elements of the Democratic Party. We encourage
Constitution ought to be dearer to man than that
every state to pass similar legislation. We likewise
which protects the rights of conscience against the
endorse the efforts of Republican state legislators
enterprises of the civil authority.” Ongoing attempts
and governors who have defied intimidation from
to compel individuals, businesses, and institutions
corporations and the media in defending religious
of faith to transgress their beliefs are part of a
liberty. We support laws to confirm the longstanding
11

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

American tradition that religious individuals and
institutions can educate young people, receive
government benefits, and participate in public
debates without having to check their religious
beliefs at the door.
Our First Amendment rights are not given to
us by the government but are rights we inherently
possess. The government cannot use subsequent
amendments to limit First Amendment rights. The
Free Exercise Clause is both an individual and a
collective liberty protecting a right to worship God
according to the dictates of conscience. Therefore,
we strongly support the freedom of Americans to
act in accordance with their religious beliefs, not
only in their houses of worship, but also in their
everyday lives.
We support the right of the people to conduct
their businesses in accordance with their religious
beliefs and condemn public officials who have
proposed boycotts against businesses that support
traditional marriage. We pledge to protect those
business owners who have been subjected to hate
campaigns, threats of violence, and other attempts
to deny their civil rights.
We support the public display of the Ten
Commandments as a reflection of our history and
our country’s Judeo-Christian heritage and further
affirm the rights of religious students to engage in
voluntary prayer at public school events and to have
equal access to school facilities. We assert the First
Amendment right of freedom of association for
religious, private, service, and youth organizations
to set their own membership standards.

2 0 1 6

•

parties in McCain-Feingold, raising or repealing
contribution limits, protecting the political speech
of advocacy groups, corporations, and labor unions,
and protecting political speech on the internet. We
likewise call for an end to the so-called Fairness
Doctrine, and support free-market approaches to
free speech unregulated by government.
We believe the forced funding of political
candidates through union dues and other mandatory
contributions violates the First Amendment. Just as
Americans have a First Amendment right to devote
resources to favored candidates or views, they
have a First Amendment right not to be forced to
individually support individuals or ideologies that
they oppose. We agree with Thomas Jefferson that
“To compel a man to furnish contributions of money
for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves
and abhors is sinful and tyrannical.”
The Second Amendment:
Our Right to Keep and Bear Arms
We uphold the right of individuals to keep
and bear arms, a natural inalienable right that
predates the Constitution and is secured by the
Second Amendment. Lawful gun ownership enables
Americans to exercise their God-given right of selfdefense for the safety of their homes, their loved
ones, and their communities.
We salute the Republican Congress for
defending the right to keep and bear arms by
preventing the President from installing a new liberal
majority on the Supreme Court. The confirmation
to the Court of additional anti-gun justices would
eviscerate the Second Amendment’s fundamental
protections. Already, local officials in the nation’s
capital and elsewhere are defying the Court’s
decisions upholding an individual right to bear
arms as affirmed by the Supreme Court in Heller
and McDonald. We support firearm reciprocity
legislation to recognize the right of law-abiding
Americans to carry firearms to protect themselves
and their families in all 50 states. We support
constitutional carry statutes and salute the states
that have passed them. We oppose ill-conceived
laws that would restrict magazine capacity or
ban the sale of the most popular and common
modern rifle. We also oppose any effort to deprive

The First Amendment:
Constitutionally Protected Speech
The rights of citizenship do not stop at the ballot
box. Freedom of speech includes the right to devote
resources to whatever cause or candidate one
supports. We oppose any restrictions or conditions
that would discourage citizens from participating in
the public square or limit their ability to promote
their ideas, such as requiring private organizations
to publicly disclose their donors to the government.
Limits on political speech serve only to protect the
powerful and insulate incumbent officeholders. We
support repeal of federal restrictions on political

12

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

individuals of their right to keep and bear arms
without due process of law.
We condemn frivolous lawsuits against gun
manufacturers and the current Administration’s
illegal harassment of firearm dealers. We oppose
federal licensing or registration of law-abiding
gun owners, registration of ammunition, and
restoration of the ill-fated Clinton gun ban. We call
for a thorough investigation — by a new Republican
administration — of the deadly “Fast and Furious”
operation perpetrated by Department of Justice
officials who approved and allowed illegal sales of
guns to known violent criminals.

2 0 1 6

•

reasonable suspicion or probable cause. Americans
overseas should enjoy the same rights as Americans
residing in the United States, whose private
financial information is not subject to disclosure
to the government except as to interest earned.
The requirement for all banks around the world
to provide detailed information to the IRS about
American account holders outside the United States
has resulted in banks refusing service to them. Thus,
FATCA not only allows “unreasonable search and
seizures” but also threatens the ability of overseas
Americans to lead normal lives. We call for its repeal
and for a change to residency-based taxation for
U.S. citizens overseas.

The Fourth Amendment:
Liberty and Privacy
Affirming the Fourth Amendment “right of
the people to be secure in their houses, papers,
and effects, against unreasonable searches and
seizures,” we call for strict limitations on the use of
aerial surveillance on U.S. soil, with the exception of
patrolling our national borders for illegal entry and
activity. We oppose any attempts by government
to require surveillance devices in our daily lives,
including tracking devices in motor vehicles.
In recent years, technology companies have
responded to market demand for products and
services that protect the privacy of customers
through increasingly sophisticated encryption
technology. These increased privacy protections
have become crucial to the digital economy. At the
same time, however, such innovations have brought
new dangers, especially from criminals and terrorists
who seek to use encryption technology to harm us.
No matter the medium, citizens must retain the
right to communicate with one another free from
unlawful government intrusion. It will not be easy
to balance privacy rights with the government’s
legitimate need to access encrypted information.
This issue is too important to be left to the courts.
A Republican president and a Republican Congress
must listen to the American people and forge a
consensus solution.
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
(FATCA) and the Foreign Bank and Asset Reporting
Requirements result in government’s warrantless
seizure of personal financial information without

The Fifth Amendment:
Protecting Human Life
The Constitution’s guarantee that no one can
“be deprived of life, liberty or property” deliberately
echoes the Declaration of Independence’s
proclamation that “all” are “endowed by their
Creator” with the inalienable right to life.
Accordingly, we assert the sanctity of human life
and affirm that the unborn child has a fundamental
right to life which cannot be infringed. We support
a human life amendment to the Constitution and
legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth
Amendment’s protections apply to children before
birth.
We oppose the use of public funds to perform
or promote abortion or to fund organizations, like
Planned Parenthood, so long as they provide or
refer for elective abortions or sell fetal body parts
rather than provide healthcare. We urge all states
and Congress to make it a crime to acquire, transfer,
or sell fetal tissues from elective abortions for
research, and we call on Congress to enact a ban
on any sale of fetal body parts. In the meantime, we
call on Congress to ban the practice of misleading
women on so-called fetal harvesting consent forms,
a fact revealed by a 2015 investigation. We will not
fund or subsidize healthcare that includes abortion
coverage.
We support the appointment of judges who
respect traditional family values and the sanctity of
innocent human life. We oppose the non-consensual
withholding or withdrawal of care or treatment,

13

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

including food and water, from individuals with
Capable Unborn Child Protection Acts prohibiting
disabilities, newborns, the elderly, or the infirm, just
abortion after twenty weeks, the point at which
as we oppose euthanasia and assisted suicide.
current medical research shows that unborn babies
We affirm our moral obligation to assist, rather
can feel excruciating pain during abortions, and we
than penalize, women who face an unplanned
call on Congress to enact the federal version. Not
pregnancy. In order to encourage women who face
only is it good legislation, but it enjoys the support
an unplanned pregnancy to choose life, we support
of a majority of the American people. We support
legislation that requires financial responsibility for
state and federal efforts against the cruelest forms
the child be equally borne by both the mother
of abortion, especially dismemberment abortion
and father upon conception until the child reaches
procedures, in which unborn babies are literally torn
adulthood. Failure to require a father to be equally
apart limb from limb.
responsible for a child places an inequitable
We call on Congress to ban sex-selection
burden on the mother, creating a financial and
abortions and abortions based on disabilities —
social hardship on both mother
discrimination in its most lethal
and child. We celebrate the
form. We oppose embryonic
millions of Americans who
The Democratic Party stem cell research. We oppose
open their hearts, homes, and
federal funding of embryonic
is extreme on abortion. stem cell research. We support
churches to mothers in need
and women fleeing abuse. We
adult stem cell research and urge
Democrats’ almost
thank and encourage providers
the restoration of the national
limitless support for
of counseling, medical services,
placental stem cell bank created
and adoption assistance
by President George H.W. Bush
abortion, and their
for empowering women
but abolished by his Democrat
strident opposition
experiencing an unintended
successor, President Bill Clinton.
to even the most
pregnancy to choose life. We
We oppose federal funding for
support funding for ultrasounds
harvesting embryos and call for
basic restrictions on
and adoption assistance. We
a ban on human cloning.
abortion, put them
salute the many states that
The Democratic Party
now protect women and
is
extreme
on abortion.
dramatically out of
girls through laws requiring
Democrats’ almost limitless
step with the
informed consent, parental
support for abortion, and their
consent, waiting periods, and
strident opposition to even
American people.
clinic regulation. We condemn
the most basic restrictions on
the Supreme Court’s activist
abortion, put them dramatically
decision in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt
out of step with the American people. Because of
striking down commonsense Texas laws providing
their opposition to simple abortion clinic safety
for basic health and safety standards in abortion
procedures, support for taxpayer-funded abortion,
clinics.
and rejection of pregnancy resource centers that
We applaud the U.S. House of Representatives
provide abortion alternatives, the old Clinton mantra
for leading the effort to add enforcement to the
of “safe, legal, and rare” has been reduced to just
Born-Alive Infant Protection Act by passing the
“legal.” We are proud to be the party that protects
Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which
human life and offers real solutions for women.
imposes appropriate civil and criminal penalties on
The Fifth Amendment:
healthcare providers who fail to provide treatment
Protecting Private Property
and care to an infant who survives an abortion,
The Framers of our government knew, from
including early induction delivery whether the
history and experience, that when private property
death of the infant is intended. We strongly oppose
is not secure, freedom is at risk. That is why the Fifth
infanticide. Over a dozen states have passed Pain14

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Amendment declares that private property may not
be “taken for public use without just compensation.”
The Supreme Court’s Kelo decision undermined this
safeguard by allowing local governments to seize
a person’s home or land not only for vital public use,
but also for “public purpose,” which thus allowed
the government to seize it for transfer to private
developers or other private entities. We call on any
state legislatures that have not already done so to
nullify the impact of Kelo within their jurisdiction
by legislation or state constitutional amendments
declaring that private property may be taken only
for true public use, and we join House Republicans
in supporting the Private Property Rights Protection
Act.
The government at every level must always
pay just compensation whenever it takes private
property to achieve a compelling public use, with
the money coming from the budget of the agency
performing the taking. This includes the taking
of water rights and the taking of property by
environmental regulations that destroy or diminish
the property’s value.
Civil asset forfeiture was originally intended
as a way to cripple organized crime through the
seizure of property used in a criminal enterprise.
Regrettably, it has become a tool for unscrupulous
law enforcement officials, acting without due
process, to profit by destroying the livelihood of
innocent individuals, many of whom never recover
the lawful assets taken from them. When the rights
of the innocent can be so easily violated, no one’s
rights are safe. We call on Congress and state
legislatures to enact reforms to protect law-abiding
citizens against abusive asset forfeiture tactics.

2 0 1 6

•

is a driving force in today’s global economy of
constant innovation. It is the wellspring of American
economic growth and job creation. With the rise
of the digital economy, it has become even more
critical that we protect intellectual property rights
and preserve freedom of contract rather than
create regulatory barriers to creativity, growth, and
innovation.
Protecting intellectual property is also a
national security issue. We must guard against
counterfeit parts that can compromise the
reliability of our weapons systems and the safety
of military personnel. Today, the worst offenses
against intellectual property rights come from
abroad, especially in China. We call for strong
action by Congress and a new Republican president
to enforce intellectual property laws against all
infringers, whether foreign or domestic.
The Ninth Amendment:
The People’s Retained Rights
The Ninth Amendment to the Constitution
declares that “[t]he enumeration in the Constitution
of certain rights shall not be construed to deny
or disparage others retained by the people.” This
provision codifies the principle that our national
government derives its power from the governed
and that all powers not delegated to the government
are retained by the people. We call upon legislators
to give full force to this fundamental principle.
We welcome to our ranks all citizens who are
determined to reclaim the rights of the people that
have been ignored or usurped by the federal and
intrusive state governments.
The Tenth Amendment: Federalism
as the Foundation of Personal Liberty
Federalism is a cornerstone of our constitutional
system. Every violation of state sovereignty by
federal officials is not merely a transgression of one
unit of government against another; it is an assault
on the liberties of individual Americans. Hence the
promise of the Tenth Amendment: “The powers not
delegated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to
the States respectively, or to the people.” The
Constitution gives the federal government very
few powers, and they are specifically enumerated;

The Fifth Amendment:
Intellectual Property Rights
Private property includes not only physical
property such as lands and homes, but also
intellectual property like books and patents. Article
1, section 8 of the Constitution gives Congress the
power to safeguard intellectual property rights
for “Authors and Inventors.” By protecting the
proprietary rights of creators and innovators, the
Constitution promotes the general welfare by
providing incentives for investment in all sorts of
technology and artistic works. Intellectual property
15

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

the states and the people retain authority over
all unenumerated powers. In obedience to that
principle, we condemn the current Administration’s
unconstitutional expansion into areas beyond
those specifically enumerated, including bullying
of state and local governments in matters ranging
from voter identification (ID) laws to immigration,
from healthcare programs to land use decisions,
and from forced education curricula to school
restroom policies. We pledge to restore the proper
balance and vertical separation of powers between
the federal government and state governments —
the governments closest to, and most reflective
of, the American people. We encourage states to
reinvigorate their traditional role as the laboratories
of democracy, propelling the nation forward
through local and state innovation.
Big government undermines federalism
through more than 1,100 grants-in-aid programs
that consume more than one-sixth of the federal
budget for matters that should be the exclusive
responsibility of the states. Through these programs,
money originating from state taxpayers is returned
to the states, usually greatly reduced, with myriad
strings attached. These grants turn state and
local elected officials into agents of the federal
government. The web of conditions and regulations
— especially the requirement of matching funds that
comes with federal grants — transforms recipients
into appendages of the Washington bureaucracy.
We call upon Congress to help a Republican
president to reduce and ultimately eliminate this
system of conditioned grants so that state and local
taxpayers can decide for themselves what is best
for their own communities.

2 0 1 6

•

presidency. We urge state legislatures that have
voted for this proposal to rescind their approval.
Honest Elections and the Right to Vote
Honest elections are the foundation of
representative government. We pledge to protect
the voting rights of every citizen, as well as their
rights of conscience when they are harassed
or denied a job because of their contributions
to a candidate or a cause. We support state
efforts to ensure ballot access for the elderly, the
handicapped, military personnel, and all legitimate
voters. We urge state and local officials to take
all appropriate steps to allow voters to cast their
ballots in a timely manner. We are concerned,
however, that some voting procedures may
be open to abuse. For this reason, we support
legislation to require proof of citizenship when
registering to vote and secure photo ID when
voting. We strongly oppose litigation against states
exercising their sovereign authority to enact such
laws. In addition, to guarantee that everyone’s vote
is counted, we urge that electronic voting systems
have a voter-verified paper audit trail. We urge
every state to join the Interstate Voter Registration
Cross Check Program to keep voter rolls accurate
and to prevent people from voting in more than
one state in the same election. To guard against
foreign involvement in our elections, we call for
vigilance regarding online credit card contributions
to candidates and campaigns.
The members of our Armed Forces must not
be denied the basic rights that they are defending
for others. Our troops, wherever stationed, must be
allowed to vote in a timely manner. We call upon
the entire military chain of command to ensure the
voting rights of our citizen soldiers.
The Constitution gives Congress authority
to conduct the decennial census “in such Manner
as they shall by Law direct.” In order to preserve
the principle of one person, one vote, we urge our
elected representatives to ensure that citizenship,
rather than mere residency, be made the basis for
the apportionment of representatives among the
states.

Honest Elections and the
Electoral College
We oppose the National Popular Vote Interstate
Compact and any other scheme to abolish or
distort the procedures of the Electoral College. An
unconstitutional effort to impose National Popular
Vote would be a grave threat to our federal system
and a guarantee of corruption, as every ballot box
in every state would offer a chance to steal the

16

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

America’s Natural Resources:
Agriculture, Energy, and the Environment
H H H H H
regard to food and health regulations. We will not
tolerate the use of bogus science and scare tactics
to bar our products from foreign markets, nor will
we allow insufficient health and safety standards for
products imported for our consumption.
We must also ensure that domestic policies
do not compromise our global competitiveness
through overregulation and undue interference
in the marketplace. There is growing recognition
that federal dairy policies, crafted during the Great
Depression, are increasingly an impediment to the
ability of our dairy producers to meet the expected
doubling in global demand coming by 2030. We
oppose the policies pushed by special interest
groups seeking to stop or make more expensive
our current system of safe, efficient, and humane
production of meat. Congress has repeatedly had to
block the current Administration’s draconian rules
concerning the marketing of poultry and livestock.
This regulatory impulse must be curbed, not on a
case-by-case basis, but through a fundamental
restructuring of the regulatory process. In the
meantime, the intrusive and expensive federal
mandates on food options and menu labeling should
be ended as soon as possible by a Republican
Congress. We oppose the mandatory labeling of
genetically modified food, which has proven to be
safe, healthy, and a literal life-saver for millions in the
developing world.
The Democratic Administration’s sustained
support for additional regulation of agriculture has
directly resulted in higher costs of production for
those who produce the food we eat. This federal
regulatory overreach has resulted and will continue
to result in higher food prices for Americans. These
higher food costs are particularly challenging for
those Americans struggling to make ends meet.
Like the rest of the economy, agriculture has
suffered through eight years of the Democrats’

We are the party of America’s growers,
producers, farmers, ranchers, foresters, miners,
commercial fishermen, and all those who bring
from the earth the crops, minerals, energy, and
the bounties of our seas that are the lifeblood
of our economy. Their labor and ingenuity, their
determination in bad times and love of the land at
all times, powers our economy, creates millions of
jobs, and feeds billions of people around the world.
Only a few years ago, a bipartisan consensus in
government valued the role of extractive industries
and rewarded their enterprise by minimizing its
interference with their work. That has radically
changed. We look in vain within the Democratic
Party for leaders who will speak for the people of
agriculture, energy and mineral production.
Abundant Harvests
Agricultural production and exports are
central to the Republican agenda for jobs, growth,
expanded trade, and prosperity. Because our
farmers and ranchers care for the land, the United
States does not depend on foreign imports for
sustenance. Americans spend a smaller percentage
of their income on food than any other nation. On
average, one American farm produces enough food
to feed 155 people. No other nation has been as
generous with food aid to the needy. We have good
reason to celebrate our domestic security in food.
We are the largest agricultural exporter in the
world, and our exports are vital for other sectors
of our economy. Those exports drive additional
economic growth as each dollar of agricultural
exports generates another $1.27 in business activity.
That is why we remain committed to expanding
trade opportunities and opening new markets for
agriculture. Under a Republican president, America’s
trade negotiators will insist that our global trading
partners adhere to science-based standards with

17

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

regulatory juggernaut, particularly from the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). States,
not Washington bureaucrats, are best equipped
to engage farmers and ranchers to develop
sound farm oversight policies. The EPA’s Waters
of the United States (WOTUS) rule, issued jointly
with the Army Corps of Engineers, is a travesty.
It extends the government’s jurisdiction over
navigable waters into the micro-management of
puddles and ditches on farms, ranches, and other
privately-held property. Ditches, dry creek beds,
stock ponds, prairie potholes, and other nonnavigable wet areas are already regulated by the
states. WOTUS is now subject to judicial review and
must be invalidated, but that will not be sufficient.
Unelected bureaucrats must be stopped from
furthering the Democratic Party’s political agenda
through regulatory demands forced upon citizens
and businesses beyond that which is required by
law. We must never allow federal agencies to seize
control of state waters, watersheds, or groundwater.
State waters, watersheds, and groundwater must be
the purview of the sovereign states.
Farmers and ranchers are among this country’s
leading conservationists. Modern farm practices
and technologies, supported by programs from
the Department of Agriculture, have led to reduced
erosion, improved water and air quality, increased
wildlife habitat, all the while maintaining improved
agricultural yields. This stewardship of the land
benefits everyone, and we remain committed to
conservation policies based on the preservation,
not the restriction, of working lands. For this
reason, ranching on public lands must be fostered,
developed, and encouraged. This includes providing
for an abundant water supply for America’s farmers,
ranchers, and their communities.
Farming and ranching remain high-risk
endeavors, and they cannot be isolated from
market forces. No segment of agriculture can
expect treatment so favorable that it seriously
disadvantages workers in other trades. Federal
programs to assist farmers in managing risk must
be as cost-effective as they are functional, offering
tools that can improve producers’ ability to operate
when times are tough while remaining affordable to
the taxpayers. Even so, the expansion of agricultural
exports through the vigorous opening of new

2 0 1 6

•

markets around the world is the surest path to farm
security.
While uncertainty about natural weather and
markets is a risk farmers and ranchers always face,
government should not add to their uncertainty by
inaction and delay. Thanks in large part to a lack
of leadership from the current Administration and
congressional Democrats, the last Farm Bill took
far too long to enact, creating instability about
farm policy for nearly two years. Republicans are
dedicated to leading this country forward, which
includes getting things done on time, including the
next Farm Bill.
The Democrats play politics with farm security.
Much of the Democrats’ delay had nothing to
do with the vital role of American agriculture. It
concerned their efforts to expand welfare through
the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP), which now comprises more than 70 percent
of all farm bill spending. During the last eight years
of a Democratic Administration, nearly all the work
requirements for able-bodied adults, instituted by
our landmark welfare reform of 1996, have been
removed. We will restore those provisions and,
to correct a mistake made when the Food Stamp
program was first created in 1964, separate the
administration of SNAP from the Department of
Agriculture.
Like all other sectors of our society, agriculture
is directly impacted by the constant advance in
technology. Agriculture now faces a revolution in the
generation of “Big Data” — information produced
not only through public oversight of regulations and
programs, but also from private business records of
farming and ranching operations. In the interest of
protecting the safety of our farmers and ranchers,
we will advance policies to protect the security,
privacy, and most of all, the private ownership of
individual farmers’ and ranchers’ data.
The U. S. Forest Service, within the Department
of Agriculture, controls around 200 million acres of
land with enormous natural resources, especially
timber, a renewable resource providing jobs for
thousands of workers that should be used to the
best economic potential for the nation. Many of
our national forests are in worsening health with
the threat of invasive species, insect mortality,
and the severe risk of wildfire. The increase in
18

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

catastrophic wildfires has been needlessly killing
millions of animals and destroying homes and
watersheds for decades in the western states.
The expense to suppress wildfires related to failed
federal forest policies continues to increase. When
timber is managed properly, the renewable crops
will result in fewer wildfires and, at the same time,
produce jobs in the timber industry for countless
families. We believe in promoting active, sustainable
management of our forests and that states can best
manage our forests to improve forest health and
keep communities safe.

2 0 1 6

•

not be immediately developed. Because we believe
states can best promote economic growth while
protecting the environment, Congress should give
authority to state regulators to manage energy
resources on federally controlled public lands within
their respective borders.
The Democratic Party’s energy policy can be
summed up in a slogan currently popular among
its activists: “keep it in the ground.” Keeping energy
in the earth will keep jobs out of reach of those
who need them most. For low-income Americans,
expensive energy means colder homes in the winter
and hotter homes in the summer, less mobility in
A New Era in Energy
employment, and higher food prices. The current
Our country has greater energy resources
Administration, and particularly its EPA, seems
than any other place on earth.
not to care. Its Clean Power
Our engineers and miners, the
Plan — the centerpiece of the
men and women whose labor
President’s war on coal — has
Our country has
taps the forces of nature, are
been stayed by the Supreme
greater energy
the best in the world. Together,
Court. We will do away with
the people of America’s energy
it altogether. The Democratic
resources than any
sector provide us with power
Party does not understand
other place on earth.
that is clean, affordable, secure,
that coal is an abundant, clean,
and abundant. Their work can
affordable, reliable domestic
Our engineers and
guarantee the nation’s energy
energy resource. Those who
miners, the men and
security for centuries to come if,
mine it and their families
women whose labor
instead of erecting roadblocks,
should be protected from the
government facilitates the
Democratic Party’s radical antitaps the forces of
creation of an all-of-the-above
coal agenda.
nature, are the best
energy strategy.
The Democratic Party’s
We applaud congressional
campaign to smother the U.S.
in the world.
Republicans for doing just that
energy industry takes many
through far-sighted legislation.
forms, but the permitting
Both Houses have passed bills that will modernize
process may be its most damaging weapon. It takes
pipelines and the electric grid, protect the grid from
an average of 30 days for states to permit an oil or
disruption, expedite energy exports, and lower
gas well. It takes the federal government longer than
energy costs. A Republican administration will
seven months. Three decades ago, the Bureau of
build on those policies to find new ways to store
Land Management (BLM) leased 12.2 million acres.
electricity, a breakthrough of extraordinary import.
In 2014, it leased only one-tenth of that number.
Planning for our energy future requires us to
Our nuclear industry, cleanly generating almost 20
first determine what resources we have in reserve.
percent of our electricity from its 99 plants, has
Thirty years ago, the world’s estimated reserves of
a remarkable safety record, but only a handful of
oil were 645 billion barrels. Today, that figure is 1.65
plants have been permitted in over three decades.
trillion barrels. The more we know what we will have
Permitting for a safe, non-polluting hydroelectric
in the future, the better we can decide how to use it.
facility, even one that is being relicensed, can take
That is why we support the opening of public lands
many years because of the current President’s
and the outer continental shelf to exploration and
hostility to dams. The Keystone Pipeline has
responsible production, even if these resources will
become a symbol of everything wrong with the
19

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

current Administration’s ideological approach.
We oppose any carbon tax. It would increase
After years of delay, the President killed it to satisfy
energy prices across the board, hitting hardest at
environmental extremists. We intend to finish that
the families who are already struggling to pay their
pipeline and others as part of our commitment to
bills in the Democrats’ no-growth economy. We
North American energy security.
urge the private sector to focus its resources on the
Government should not play favorites among
development of carbon capture and sequestration
energy producers. The taxpayers will not soon
technology still in its early stages here and overseas.
forget the current Administration’s subsidies to
American energy producers should be free
companies that went bankrupt without producing
to export their product to foreign markets. This
a kilowatt of energy. The same Administration
is particularly important because of international
now requires the Department
demand for liquefied natural
of Defense, operating with
gas, and we must expedite
We support the
slashed budgets during a time
the energy export terminals
of expanding conflict, to use its
currently blocked by the
development of all
scarce resources to generate 25
Administration. Energy exports
forms of energy that
percent of its electricity from
will create high paying jobs
renewables by 2025. Climate
throughout the United States,
are marketable in a
change is far from this nation’s
our nation’s trade
free economy without reduce
most pressing national security
deficit, grow our economy, and
subsidies, including
issue. This is the triumph of
boost the energy security of
extremism over common sense,
our allies and trading partners.
coal, oil, natural gas,
and Congress must stop it.
We remain committed to
nuclear power, and
We
support
the
aggressively expanding trade
development of all forms of
opportunities and opening
hydropower.
energy that are marketable in a
new markets for American
free economy without subsidies,
energy through multilateral and
including coal, oil, natural gas, nuclear power, and
bilateral agreements, whether current, pending, or
hydropower. A federal judge has struck down the
negotiated in the future.
BLM’s rule on hydraulic fracturing and we support
Energy is both an economic and national
upholding this decision. We respect the states’
security issue. We support the enactment of
proven ability to regulate the use of hydraulic
policies to increase domestic energy production,
fracturing, methane emissions, and horizontal
including production on public lands, to counter
drilling, and we will end the Administration’s
market manipulation by OPEC and other nationallydisregard of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act with
owned oil companies. This will reduce America’s
respect to the long-term storage of nuclear waste.
vulnerability to energy price volatility.
We encourage the cost-effective development of
Environmental Progress
renewable energy sources — wind, solar, biomass,
Conservation is inherent in conservatism. As
biofuel, geothermal, and tidal energy — by private
the pioneer of environmentalism a century ago, the
capital. The United States is overwhelmingly
Republican Party reaffirms the moral obligation to
dependent on China and other nations for rare earth
be good stewards of the God-given natural beauty
and other hardrock minerals. These minerals are
and resources of our country. We believe that people
critical to advanced technology, renewable energy,
are the most valuable resources and that human
and defense manufacturing. We support expediting
health and safety are the proper measurements of
the permitting process for mineral production
a policy’s success. We assert that private ownership
on public lands. We support lifting restrictions to
has been the best guarantee of conscientious
allow responsible development of nuclear energy,
stewardship, while some of the worst instances
including research into alternative processes like
of degradation have occurred under government
thorium nuclear energy.
20

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

control. Poverty, not wealth, is the gravest threat
to the environment, while steady economic growth
brings the technological advances which make
environmental progress possible.
The environment is too important to be left to
radical environmentalists. They are using yesterday’s
tools to control a future they do not comprehend.
The environmental establishment has become a
self-serving elite, stuck in the mindset of the 1970s,
subordinating the public’s consensus to the goals
of the Democratic Party. Their approach is based
on shoddy science, scare tactics, and centralized
command-and-control regulation. Over the last
eight years, the Administration has triggered an
avalanche of regulation that wreaks havoc across
our economy and yields minimal environmental
benefits.
The central fact of any sensible environmental
policy is that, year by year, the environment is
improving. Our air and waterways are much
healthier than they were a few decades ago. As
a nation, we have drastically reduced pollution,
mainstreamed recycling, educated the public,
and avoided ecological degradation. Even if no
additional controls are added, air pollution will
continue to decline for the next several decades
due to technological turnover of aging equipment.
These successes become a challenge for Democratic
Party environmental extremists, who must reach
farther and demand more to sustain the illusion of
an environmental crisis. That is why they routinely
ignore costs, exaggerate benefits, and advocate the
breaching of constitutional boundaries by federal
agencies to impose environmental regulation. At the
same time, the environmental establishment looks
the other way when environmental degradation is
caused by the EPA and other federal agencies as
was the case during the Animas River spill.
Our agenda is high on job creation, expanding
opportunity and providing a better chance at life
for everyone willing to work for it. Our modern
approach to environmentalism is directed to that
end, and it starts with dramatic change in official
Washington. We propose to shift responsibility
for environmental regulation from the federal
bureaucracy to the states and to transform the
EPA into an independent bipartisan commission,
similar to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, with

2 0 1 6

•

structural safeguards against politicized science.
We will strictly limit congressional delegation of
rule-making authority, and require that citizens be
compensated for regulatory takings.
We will put an end to the legal practice known
as “sue and settle,” in which environmental groups
sue federal agencies whose officials are complicit in
the litigation so that, with the taxpayers excluded,
both parties can reach agreement behind closed
doors. That deceit betrays the public’s trust; it will
no longer be tolerated. We will also reform the Equal
Access to Justice Act to cap and disclose payments
made to environmental activists and return the Act
to its original intent.
We will enforce the original intent of the Clean
Water Act, not it’s distortion by EPA regulations.
We will likewise forbid the EPA to regulate carbon
dioxide, something never envisioned when Congress
passed the Clean Air Act. We will restore to
Congress the authority to set the National Ambient
Air Quality Standards and modernize the permitting
process under the National Environmental Policy
Act so it can no longer invite frivolous lawsuits,
thwart sorely needed projects, kill jobs, and strangle
growth.
The federal government owns or controls over
640 million acres of land in the United States, most of
which is in the West. These are public lands, and the
public should have access to them for appropriate
activities like hunting, fishing, and recreational
shooting. Federal ownership or management of land
also places an economic burden on counties and
local communities in terms of lost revenue to pay
for things such as schools, police, and emergency
services. It is absurd to think that all that acreage
must remain under the absentee ownership or
management of official Washington. Congress shall
immediately pass universal legislation providing for
a timely and orderly mechanism requiring the federal
government to convey certain federally controlled
public lands to states. We call upon all national
and state leaders and representatives to exert their
utmost power and influence to urge the transfer of
those lands, identified in the review process, to all
willing states for the benefit of the states and the
nation as a whole. The residents of state and local
communities know best how to protect the land
where they work and live. They practice boots-on21

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

the-ground conservation in their states every day.
We support amending the Antiquities Act of 1906 to
establish Congress’ right to approve the designation
of national monuments and to further require the
approval of the state where a national monument is
designated or a national park is proposed.
There is certainly a need to protect certain
species threatened worldwide with extinction.
However, the Endangered Species Act (ESA) should
not include species such as gray wolves and other
species if these species exist elsewhere in healthy
numbers in another state or country. To upset the
economic viability of an area with an unneeded
designation costs jobs and hurts local communities.
We must ensure that this protection is done
effectively, reasonably, and without unnecessarily
impeding the development of lands and natural
resources. The ESA should ensure that the listing
of endangered species and the designation of
critical habitats are based upon sound science and
balance the protection of endangered species with
the costs of compliance and the rights of property
owners. Instead, over the last few decades, the
ESA has stunted economic development, halted the
construction of projects, burdened landowners, and
has been used to pursue policy goals inconsistent
with the ESA — all with little to no success in the
actual recovery of species. For example, we oppose
the listing of the lesser prairie chicken and the
potential listing of the sage grouse. Neither species
has been shown to be in actual danger and the
listings threaten to devastate farmers, ranchers, and
oil and gas production. While species threatened
with extinction must be protected under the ESA,
any such protection must be done in a reasonable
and transparent manner with stakeholder input and

2 0 1 6

•

in consideration of the impact on the development
of lands and natural resources.
Information concerning a changing climate,
especially projections into the long-range future,
must be based on dispassionate analysis of hard
data. We will enforce that standard throughout
the executive branch, among civil servants and
presidential appointees alike. The United Nations’
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is a
political mechanism, not an unbiased scientific
institution. Its unreliability is reflected in its
intolerance toward scientists and others who
dissent from its orthodoxy. We will evaluate its
recommendations accordingly. We reject the
agendas of both the Kyoto Protocol and the Paris
Agreement, which represent only the personal
commitments of their signatories; no such
agreement can be binding upon the United States
until it is submitted to and ratified by the Senate.
We demand an immediate halt to U.S. funding
for the U.N.’s Framework Convention on Climate
Change (UNFCCC) in accordance with the 1994
Foreign Relations Authorization Act. That law prohibits Washington from giving any money to “any
affiliated organization of the United Nations” which
grants Palestinians membership as a state. There is
no ambiguity in that language. It would be illegal
for the President to follow through on his intention
to provide millions in funding for the UNFCCC and
hundreds of millions for its Green Climate Fund.
We firmly believe environmental problems
are best solved by giving incentives for human
ingenuity and the development of new technologies,
not through top-down, command-and-control
regulations that stifle economic growth and cost
thousands of jobs.

22

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Government Reform
H H H H H
Making Government Work for the People
Founding Father and Constitution Framer
James Wilson declared that in America, “the
people are the masters of government,” but that
in other countries, “the government is master
of the people.” We pledge to make government
work for the people, rather than the other way
around. Much of what the federal government
does can be improved, much should be replaced,
and much needs to be done away with or returned
to the states. It is long past time for just tinkering
around the edges of a bloated and unresponsive
bureaucratic state. Its poorly managed programs,
some begun generations ago, are ill-suited to meet
present needs and future requirements. Its credit
card budgets impose massive indebtedness on
every American today and on children yet unborn.
The more it intrudes into every aspect of American
life the more it alienates the citizens who work,
pay taxes, and wonder what has happened to the
country they love. We agree with Thomas Jefferson
that “[t]he multiplication of public offices, increase
of expense beyond income, growth and entailment
of a public debt, are indications soliciting the
employment of the pruning knife.”

demands have focused on significantly expanding
government spending and benefits for its preferred
groups, paid for through loans that our children and
grandchildren will have to pay. This is the path to
bankrupting the next generation.
The Republican path to fiscal sanity and
economic expansion begins with a constitutional
requirement for a federal balanced budget. We
will fight for Congress to adopt, and for the states
to ratify, a Balanced Budget Amendment which
imposes a cap limiting spending to the appropriate
historical average percentage of our nation’s gross
domestic product while requiring a super-majority
for any tax increase, with exceptions only for war
or legitimate emergencies. Only a constitutional
safeguard such as this can prevent deficits from
mounting to government default.
Republican budgets will prioritize thrift over
extravagance and put taxpayers first. We support
the following test: Is a particular expenditure within
the constitutional scope of the federal government?
If not, stop it. Has it been effective in the past and
is it still absolutely necessary? If not, end it. Is it so
important as to justify borrowing, especially foreign
borrowing, to fund it? If not, kill it.

Balancing the Budget
The federal fiscal burden threatens the
security, liberty, and independence of our nation.
The current Administration’s refusal to work with
Republicans took our national debt from $10 trillion
to nearly $19 trillion today. Left unchecked, it will
hit $30 trillion by 2026. At the same time, the
Administration’s policies systematically crippled
economic growth and job creation, driving up
government costs and driving down revenues.
When Congressional Republicans tried to reverse
course, the Administration manufactured fiscal
crises — phony government shutdowns — to
demand excessive spending. The Administration’s

Preserving Medicare and Medicaid
More than 100 million Americans depend on
Medicare or Medicaid for their healthcare; with
our population aging, that number will increase. To
preserve Medicare and Medicaid, the financing of
these important programs must be brought under
control before they consume most of the federal
budget, including national defense. The good news
is that it can be done, and it can be done without
endangering the elderly and the needy who depend
on those programs. We intend to save Medicare by
modernizing it, empowering its participants, and
putting it on a secure financial footing. We will
preserve the promise of Medicaid as well by making
23

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

that program, designed for 1965 medicine, a vehicle
for good health in an entirely new era.
Medicare’s long-term debt is in the trillions, and
it is funded by a workforce that is shrinking relative
to the size of future beneficiaries. Obamacare
worsened the situation — and imperiled seniors —
by imposing hundreds of billions of dollars in cuts
to Medicare providers to pay for its new spending.
When a vital program is so clearly headed for a train
wreck, it’s time to put it on a more secure track.
That is why we propose these reforms: Impose no
changes for persons 55 or older. Give others the
option of traditional Medicare or transition to a
premium-support model designed to strengthen
patient choice, promote cost-saving competition
among providers, and better guard against the
fraud and abuse that now diverts billions of dollars
every year away from patient care. Guarantee to
every enrollee an income-adjusted contribution
toward a plan of their choice, with catastrophic
protection. Without disadvantaging present retirees
or those nearing retirement, set a more realistic age
for eligibility in light of today’s longer life span.
This is an agenda to improve healthcare, not
just to manage its costs. We reject the Democrats’
approach of rationing inherent in Obamacare. We
recognize the de facto rationing of healthcare
caused by reduced access to doctors who
increasingly opt out of participating in Medicare
and Medicaid. We will not accept that or any other
approach which denies care — or lowers its quality
— for America’s elderly.
Medicaid presents related, but somewhat
different challenges. As the dominant force in
the health market with regard to long-term care,
births, and persons with mental illness, it is the next
frontier of welfare reform. It is simply too big and
too flawed to be administered from Washington.
Most of the vaunted expansion of health insurance
coverage under Obamacare actually has been an
unprecedented expansion of the Medicaid rolls in
many states. We applaud the Republican governors
and state legislators who have undertaken the hard
work of modernizing Medicaid. We will give them a
free hand to do so by block-granting the program
without strings. Their initiatives — whether premium
supports for purchasing insurance, refundable tax
credits, alternatives to hospitalization for chronic

2 0 1 6

•

patients, disease prevention activities, and other
innovations — are the best strategy for preserving
Medicaid for those who need it the most. Block
granting Medicaid is particularly needed to
address mental health care. Mental illness affects
people from all walks of life, but there has been
little success in developing effective system-wide
medical models for addressing mental health. For a
variety of unique reasons, government is often the
first frontier for people experiencing mental health
problems — from first responders who deal with
crises to publicly funded mental health facilities
and prisons where large numbers of inmates
suffer from mental illnesses. Using block grants
would allow states to experiment with different
systems to address mental health and develop
successful models to be replicated in states across
the nation. The current federally dictated mental
health care regime is wasteful and ineffective, and
moving to a block grant approach would allow for
state and local governments to create solutions
for individuals and families in desperate need of
help in addressing mental illness. We respect the
states’ authority and flexibility to exclude abortion
providers from federal programs such as Medicaid
and other healthcare and family planning programs
so long as they continue to perform or refer for
elective abortions or sell the body parts of aborted
children.
Saving Social Security
We reject the old maxim that Social Security
is the “Third Rail” of American politics, deadly for
anyone who would change it. The Democratic Party
still treats it that way, even though everyone knows
that its current course will lead to a financial and
social disaster. Younger Americans have lost all faith
in the program and expect little return for what
they are paying into it. As the party of America’s
future, we accept the responsibility to preserve and
modernize a system of retirement security forged
in an old industrial era beyond the memory of most
Americans. Current retirees and those close to
retirement can be assured of their benefits. Of the
many reforms being proposed, all options should
be considered to preserve Social Security. As
Republicans, we oppose tax increases and believe
in the power of markets to create wealth and to
24

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Immigration and the Rule of Law
Our party is the natural home for those who
come in search of freedom and justice. We welcome
all to the Great Opportunity Party.
The greatest asset of the American economy is
the American worker. Our immigration system must
Protecting Internet Freedom
The survival of the internet as we know it
protect American working families and their wages,
is at risk. Its gravest peril originates in the White
for citizens and legal immigrants alike, in a way
House, the current occupant of which has launched
that will improve the economy. Just as immigrant
labor helped build our country in the past, today’s
a campaign, both at home and internationally, to
legal immigrants are making vital contributions
subjugate it to agents of government. The President
in every aspect of national life. Their industry and
ordered the chair of the supposedly independent
commitment to American values strengthens our
Federal Communications Commission to impose
economy, enriches our culture, and enables us to
upon the internet rules devised in the 1930s for the
better understand and more effectively compete
telephone monopoly. He has unilaterally announced
with the rest of the world.
America’s abandonment of
We are particularly grateful
the international internet by
to the thousands of new legal
surrendering U.S. control of
the root zone of web names
America’s immigration immigrants, many of them not
yet citizens, who are serving
and addresses. He threw the
policy must serve the
in the Armed Forces and
internet to the wolves, and they
national interest of the among first responders. Their
— Russia, China, Iran, and others
patriotism should encourage
— are ready to devour it.
United States . . .
all to embrace the newcomers
We salute the Congressional
legally among us, assist their
Republicans
who
have
journey to full citizenship, and
legislatively impeded his plans
help their communities avoid isolation from the
to turn over the Information Freedom Highway to
mainstream of society. We are also thankful for the
regulators and tyrants. That fight must continue,
for its outcome is in doubt. We will consistently
many legal immigrants who continue to contribute
to American society. To that end, we both encourage
support internet policies that allow people and
private enterprise to thrive, without providing new
the preservation of heritage tongues and support
and expanded government powers to tax and
English as the nation’s official language, a unifying
regulate so that the internet does not become the
force essential for the advancement of immigrant
vehicle for a dramatic expansion of government
communities and our nation as a whole.
power. The internet’s independence is its power.
America’s immigration policy must serve the
It has unleashed innovation, enabled growth, and
national interest of the United States, and the
inspired freedom more rapidly and extensively
interests of American workers must be protected
than any other technological advance in human
over the claims of foreign nationals seeking the
history. We will therefore resist any effort to shift
same jobs. With all our fellow citizens, we have
control toward governance by international or
watched, in anger and disgust, the mocking of our
other intergovernmental organizations. We will
immigration laws by a president who made himself
ensure that personal data receives full constitutional
superior to the will of the nation. We stand with
protection from government overreach. The only
the victims of his policies, especially the families of
way to safeguard or improve these systems is
murdered innocents. Illegal immigration endangers
through the private sector. The internet’s free
everyone, exploits the taxpayers, and insults all
market needs to be free and open to all ideas and
who aspire to enter America legally. We oppose
competition without the government or service
any form of amnesty for those who, by breaking the
providers picking winners and losers.
law, have disadvantaged those who have obeyed
help secure the future of our Social Security system.
Saving Social Security is more than a challenge. It
is our moral obligation to those who trusted in the
government’s word.

25

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

it. The executive amnesties of 2012 and 2014 are
a direct violation of federal law and usurp the
powers of Congress as outlined in Article I of the
Constitution. These unlawful amnesties must be
immediately rescinded by a Republican president. In
a time of terrorism, drug cartels, human trafficking,
and criminal gangs, the presence of millions of
unidentified individuals in this country poses grave
risks to the safety and sovereignty of the United
States. Our highest priority, therefore, must be to
secure our borders and all ports of entry and to
enforce our immigration laws.
That is why we support building a wall along
our southern border and protecting all ports of
entry. The border wall must cover the entirety
of the southern border and must be sufficient to
stop both vehicular and pedestrian traffic. We
insist upon workplace enforcement of verification
systems so that more jobs can be available to all
legal workers. Use of the E-verify program — an
internet-based system that verifies the employment
authorization and identity of employees — must
be made mandatory nationwide. We reaffirm our
endorsement of the SAVE program — Systematic
Alien Verification for Entitlements — to ensure that
public funds are not given to persons not legally
present in this country. We demand tough penalties
against those who engage in identity theft, deal in
fraudulent documents, and traffic in human beings.
The Department of Homeland Security must use its
authority to keep dangerous aliens off our streets
and to expedite expulsion of criminal aliens. Gang
membership should be a deportable offense. Any
previously deported illegal alien who continues to
show a lack of respect for our borders and rule
of law must be penalized. This is why we support
stiffer penalties, such as a mandatory minimum
sentence of five years, for any illegal alien who
illegally re-enters our nation after already having
been deported.
Because “sanctuary cities” violate federal law
and endanger their own citizens, they should not be
eligible for federal funding. Using state licenses to
reward people in the country illegally is an affront
to the rule of law and must be halted.
In light of both current needs and historic
practice, we urge the reform of our guest worker

2 0 1 6

•

programs to eliminate fraud, improve efficiency
and ensure they serve the national interest. In
light of the alarming levels of unemployment and
underemployment in this country, it is indefensible
to continue offering lawful permanent residence to
more than one million foreign nationals every year.
The Supreme Court has correctly recognized that
states have the constitutional authority to take
steps to reduce illegal immigration. We condemn
the Obama Administration’s lawsuits against states
that are seeking to reinforce federal law. We support
the right of the states to enact laws deterring illegal
aliens from residing within their states.
From its beginning, our country has been a
haven of refuge and asylum. That should continue
— but with major changes. Asylum should be limited
to cases of political, ethnic or religious persecution.
As the Director of the FBI has noted, it is not
possible to vet fully all potential refugees. To ensure
our national security, refugees who cannot be
carefully vetted cannot be admitted to the country,
especially those whose homelands have been the
breeding grounds for terrorism.
Reforming the Treaty System
We intend to restore the treaty system specified
by the Constitution: The president negotiates
agreements, submits them to the Senate, with
ratification requiring two-thirds of the senators
present and voting. This was good enough for
George Washington but is too restrictive for the
current chief executive, who presumes to bind this
country to bilateral and multilateral agreements of
his devising. His media admirers portray his personal
commitments — whether on climate change, Iranian
weapons, or other matters — as done deals. They
are not, and a new Republican executive will work
with the Congress to reestablish constitutional
order in America’s foreign relations. All international
executive agreements and political arrangements
entered into by the current Administration must
be deemed null and void as mere expressions of
the current president’s preferences. Those which
are in the national interest but would traditionally
have been made by treaty must be abrogated,
renegotiated as treaties, and transmitted to the
Senate for its advice and consent as required by

26

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

ers who risk their careers to expose waste, fraud,
and misuse of power. None of them should ever be
compelled to join a union or pay dues to it. In fairness to their fellow workers, union representatives
should not be allowed to engage in union-related
activities while on the public’s time. The inability of
federal managers to discipline and, if necessary, dismiss problem staff members is an affront to every
conscientious worker, as is the misuse of funds for
lavish conferences and routine bonuses. The appointees of a Republican president will work with
career managers to end those abuses and enforce
high standards for all federal employees. We reaffirm the existing protections that provide all employees of the federal government the opportunity
to pursue their desire to serve their country free
from discrimination.
We call for renewed efforts to reduce, rather
than expand, government responsibilities, and we
urge particular attention to the bloated public relations budgets of the departments and agencies. The
federal government spends too much of the people’s money telling the people what they should do.

the Constitution. The United States will withdraw
from all agreements and arrangements failing those
standards.
Internal Revenue Service
Many good civil servants work at the IRS, but
the agency itself is toxic. Its leadership employs
known tax delinquents, rehires workers previously
fired for misconduct, spends user fees without congressional oversight, and awards bonuses for customer service that would put any private company
out of business. Worst of all, the IRS has become
an ideological attack dog for the worst elements of
today’s Democratic Party. It systematically targets
conservative, pro-life, and libertarian organizations,
harassing them with repeated audits and denying
their tax exempt status. Its commissioner has lied to
Congress, hidden evidence, and stonewalled investigations. He should be impeached by the House of
Representatives and convicted by the Senate. We
value the right of America’s churches, pastors, and
religious leaders to preach and speak freely according to their faith. Republicans believe the federal
government, specifically the IRS, is constitutionally
prohibited from policing or censoring the speech
of America’s churches, pastors, and religious leaders. We support repeal of the Johnson Amendment, which restricts First Amendment freedoms
of all nonprofit organizations by prohibiting political speech. We also support making the federal tax
code so simple and easy to understand that the IRS
becomes obsolete and can be abolished.

Advancing Term Limits
Our national platform has repeatedly endorsed
term limits for Members of Congress. In response, the
GOP Leadership in 1996 brought to a vote, in both
the House and Senate, a constitutional amendment.
It failed to secure the necessary two-thirds vote in
the House, where 80 percent of Republicans voted
for it and 80 percent of Democrats voted against it.
Every Senate Republican voted to allow a vote on
term limits, but the Democrats killed it by a filibuster.
Blocked by that opposition, Republicans sought
other ways to modernize the national legislature.
They set term limits for their own committee chairs
and leadership positions, and by law they required
Congress to live by the same rules it imposes on
others. To make further progress, to advance a
constitutional amendment for consideration by
the states, we must expand the current Republican
majorities in both chambers.

Audit the Pentagon
No major part of the Department of Defense
has ever passed an audit. Republican leaders in
Congress have called for a full financial audit of the
Pentagon to ensure that every dollar spent is truly
benefitting our national security. Every taxpayer
must be prepared to pass an audit, and we urge
Congress to demand the same level of accountability
from the Pentagon and the Department of Defense.
Improving the Federal Workforce
We recognize the dedication of most employees of the federal government and thank them for
their service, with special praise for the whistleblow-

Regulation: The Quiet Tyranny
Over-regulation is the quiet tyranny of the
“Nanny State.” It hamstrings American businesses

27

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

and hobbles economic growth. The Great Recession
may be over, but in the experience of most
Americans, the economy is still sick. The federal
regulatory burden has been a major contributor to
that stagnation.
The ability of the American people to govern
themselves has been undermined by a vast array
of agencies with sweeping power to regulate
every aspect of American life. They legislate as if
they were Congress. They decide guilt and issue
penalties as if they were courts. They collectively
impose many billions of dollars in costs to the
economy. The current President and his allies on
Capitol Hill have used those agencies as a superlegislature, disregarding the separation of powers,
to declare as law what they could not push through
the Congress.
The Environmental Protection Agency has
rewritten laws to advance the Democrats’ climate
change agenda. The Department of Health and
Human Services has ignored the enacted text of
the Affordable Care Act to do whatever it wants
in healthcare. Both the Department of Labor and
National Labor Relations Board have scrapped
decades of labor law to implement the agenda
of big labor. The Dodd-Frank law, the Democrats’
legislative Godzilla, is crushing small and
community banks and other lenders. The Federal
Communications Commission is imperiling the
freedom of the internet. We support reinstating
the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 which prohibits
commercial banks from engaging in high-risk
investment.
Sensible regulations can be compatible with a
vibrant economy. They can prevent the strong from
exploiting the weak. Right now, the regulators are
exploiting everyone. We are determined to make
regulations minimally intrusive, confined to their
legal mandate, and respectful toward the creation
of new and small businesses. We will revisit existing
laws that delegate too much authority to regulatory
agencies and review all current regulations for
possible reform or repeal. We endorse Republican
legislation, already passed by the House, to require
approval by both houses of Congress for any rule
or regulation that would impose significant costs
on the American people. Further, Congress should
work towards legislation that requires removal of

2 0 1 6

•

a regulation of equal or greater economic burden
when a new regulation is enacted.
Because regulations are just another tax on the
consumers, Congress should consider a regulatory
budget that would cap the costs federal agencies
could impose on the economy in any given year.
Crony Capitalism and Corporate Welfare
Cronyism is inherent in the progressive vision
of the administrative state. When government
uses taxpayer funding and resources to give
special advantages to private companies, it
distorts the free market and erodes public trust
in our political system. By enlarging the scope of
government and placing enormous power in the
hands of bureaucrats, it multiplies opportunities
for corruption and favoritism. It is the enemy of
reform in education, the workplace, and healthcare.
It gives us financial regulation that protects the
large at the cost of the small. It is inherent in every
part of the current healthcare law, which is packed
with corporate welfare. Crony capitalism gives
us special interest tax breaks, custom-designed
regulations, and special exemptions for favored
parties. The Solyndra debacle is a perfect example.
It creates both subsidies and restrictions to tilt the
market one way or the other. By putting the weight
of government behind the status quo, it leads to
economic stagnation. We applaud the Republican
Members of Congress who have taken the lead in
fighting crony capitalism and urge others to rally to
their cause.
Honoring Our Relationship with
American Indians
Based on both treaty and other law, the
federal government has a unique government-togovernment relationship with and trust responsibility
for Indian Tribal Governments, American Indians,
and Alaska Natives. These obligations have not
been sufficiently honored. The social and economic
problems that plague Indian country have grown
worse over the last several decades; we must
reverse that trend. Ineffective federal programs
deprive American Indians of the services they need,
and long-term failures threaten to undermine tribal
sovereignty itself.
American Indians have established elected
28

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

tribal governments to carry out the public policies
of the tribe, administer services to its tribal member constituents, and manage relations with federal,
state, and local governments. We respect the tribal
governments as the voice of their communities and
encourage federal, state, and local governments to
heed those voices in developing programs and partnerships to improve the quality of life for American
Indians and their neighbors in their communities.
Republicans believe that economic self-sufficiency is the ultimate answer to the challenges
confronting Indian country. We believe that tribal
governments and their communities, not Washington bureaucracies, are best situated to craft solutions that will end systemic problems that create
poverty and disenfranchisement. Just as the federal government should not burden states with
regulations, it should not stifle the development
of resources within the reservations, which need
federal assistance to advance their commerce nationally through roads and technology. Federal and
state regulations that thwart job creation must be
withdrawn or redrawn so that tribal governments
acting on behalf of American Indians are not disadvantaged. It is especially egregious that the Democratic Party has persistently undermined tribal
sovereignty in order to provide advantage to union
bosses in the tribal workplace. Native communities
should have the same authority as state governments in labor matters, so that union bosses and
the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) cannot
undermine the authority of tribal governments.
Republicans recognize that each tribe has the
right of consultation before any new regulatory
policy is implemented on tribal land. To the extent
possible, such consultation should take place in
Indian country with the tribal government and
its members. Before promulgating and imposing
any new laws or regulations affecting trust land
or members, the federal government should
encourage Indian tribes to develop their own
policies to achieve program objectives, and should
defer to tribes to develop their own standards, or
standards in conjunction with state governments.
Republicans reject a one-size-fits-all approach
to federal-tribal-state partnerships and will work to
expand local autonomy where tribal governments
seek it. Better partnerships will help us to expand

2 0 1 6

•

economic opportunity, deliver top-flight education
to future generations, modernize and improve the
Indian Health Service to make it more responsive
to local needs, and build essential infrastructure
in Indian country in cooperation with tribal
neighbors. Our approach is to empower American
Indians, through tribal self-determination and selfgovernance policies, to develop their greatest assets,
human resources and the rich natural resources on
their lands, without undue federal interference.
Like all Americans, American Indians want
safe communities for their families; but inadequate
resources and neglect have, over time, allowed
criminal activities to plague Indian country. To
protect everyone — and especially the most
vulnerable: children, women, and elders — the legal
system in tribal communities must provide stability
and protect property rights. Everyone’s due process
and civil rights must be safeguarded.
We support efforts to ensure equitable
participation in federal programs by American
Indians, including Alaska Natives and Native
Hawaiians, and to preserve their culture and
languages that we consider to be national treasures.
Lastly, we recognize that American Indians have
responded to the call for military service in
percentage numbers far greater than have other
groups of Americans. We honor that commitment,
loyalty, and sacrifice of all American Indians serving
in the military today and in years past and will
ensure that all veterans and their families receive
the care and respect they have earned through their
loyal service to America.
Americans in the Territories
Throughout the history of our nation, the patriotism exhibited by our brothers and sisters in
the territories of Guam, the Commonwealth of the
Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, the U.S.
Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico has often gone unacknowledged. Year after year, the citizens quietly,
without fanfare, send their sons and daughters into
the U.S. Armed Services. We honor the extraordinary sacrifices of the men and women of the territories who protect our freedom through their service
in the U.S. Armed Forces. Geographically, the territories and commonwealths, especially those in the
Pacific, are of vital importance to our national secu29

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

rity as the outermost line of defense and gateway to
America against potential encroachment by foreign
powers. We welcome their greater participation in
all aspects of the political process and affirm their
right to seek the full extension of the Constitution
with all the rights and responsibilities that entails.
We recognize the challenges facing all the U.S.
territories in an era of dramatic global economic
change. They need venture capital to retain existing
industries and develop new ones. A stronger private
sector can reduce dependence on public employment and lead toward self-sufficiency. Their development of local energy options will be crucial to
reduce dependence on costly imported fuel.
The territories’ economic stability and potential
for growth must be considered in any trade agreements between the United States and other Pacific
nations. They should be given flexibility or exemption from laws that increase costs for their populations, such as the minimum wage and the Jones Act
concerning shipping. All unreasonable impediments
to their prosperity should be removed, including unreasonable U.S. customs practices. Territories such
as American Samoa should be able to properly develop their resources, including fishing, when jobs
and the economy depend on it.
We call for the appointment of a commonwealth and territories advisory committee consisting of representatives from all five U.S. territories.
The committee will be integrated into the president’s transition team and be tasked with performing a holistic review of all federal regulations
affecting the territories and commonwealths. We
further call for the appointment of a Special Assistant to the President responsible for day-to-day
interaction with the territories and commonwealths.
This position will be the direct connection for the
Office of Insular Affairs, the citizens of the territories
and commonwealths, and the White House.

2 0 1 6

•

nationhood. We support the federally sponsored
political status referendum authorized and funded
by an Act of Congress in 2014 to ascertain the
aspirations of the people of Puerto Rico. Once the
2012 local vote for statehood is ratified, Congress
should approve an enabling act with terms for
Puerto Rico’s future admission as the 51st state of
the Union.
Preserving the District of Columbia
The nation’s capital city is a special responsibility of the federal government because it belongs
both to its residents and to all Americans, millions of
whom visit it every year. Congressional Republicans
have fostered homeownership and open access to
higher education for Washington residents. Against
the opposition of the current President and leaders of the Democratic Party, they have established
and expanded the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship
Program, through which thousands of low-income
children have been able to attend a school of their
choice and receive a quality education.
Republicans have been in the forefront of
combating chronic corruption among the city’s
top Democratic officials. We call for congressional action to enforce the spirit of the Home Rule
Act, assuring minority representation on the City
Council. That council, backed by the current mayor,
is attempting to seize from the Congress its appropriating power over all funding for the District.
The illegality of their action mirrors the unacceptable spike in violent crime and murders currently
afflicting the city. We expect Congress to assert, by
whatever means necessary, its constitutional prerogatives regarding the District.
Since the Supreme Court’s decisions affirming
the Second Amendment rights of its citizens, city
officials have engaged in a campaign of massive
resistance by denying virtually all applications for
gun ownership. The Republican Congress should
be prepared, upon the inauguration of a Republican
president, to enact legislation allowing law-abiding
Washingtonians to own and carry firearms.
Statehood for the District can be advanced
only by a constitutional amendment. Any other approach would be invalid. A statehood amendment
was soundly rejected by the states when last proposed in 1976 and should not be revived.

The Territory of Puerto Rico
We support the right of the United States
citizens of Puerto Rico to be admitted to the Union
as a fully sovereign state. We further recognize the
historic significance of the 2012 local referendum in
which a 54 percent majority voted to end Puerto
Rico’s current status as a U.S. territory, and 61
percent chose statehood over options for sovereign
30

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Great American Families, Education,
Healthcare, and Criminal Justice
H H H H H
American Values
We are the party of independent individuals
and the institutions they create together — families,
schools, congregations, neighborhoods — to advance their ideals and make real their dreams. Those
institutions, standing between the citizen and the
power of government, are the pillars of a free society. They create spaces where the power of government should not intrude. They allow Americans to
work together to solve most of the problems facing
their communities. They thus reduce the need for
intervention by government in the form of more and
bigger programs or a larger public workforce. They
minimize decision-making by those who hold or are
appointed to office. That is precisely why today’s
progressives distrust and seek to control them —
because this is more than a conflict of ideas. It is a
struggle for power.
Our society is at a crossroads. For several
generations, an expansive federal regime has
marginalized and supplanted the institutions holding
our society together. No wonder, then, that so much
seems to be coming apart now. The question is
whether we are going to reinvigorate the privatesector institutions under citizen control or allow
their continued erosion by the forces of centralized
social planning. In that divide, the Republican Party
stands with the people.

we have learned over the last five decades, the loss
of faith and family life leads to greater dependence
upon government. That is why Republicans
formulate public policy, from taxation to education,
from healthcare to welfare, with attention to the
needs and strengths of the family.
It is also why everyone should be concerned
about the state of the American family today, not
because of ideology or doctrine, but because of
the overwhelming evidence of experience, social
science, and common sense. All of which give us
these truths about traditional marriage: Children
raised in a two-parent household tend to be
physically and emotionally healthier, more likely to
do well in school, less likely to use drugs and alcohol,
engage in crime or become pregnant outside of
marriage. We oppose policies and laws that create
a financial incentive for or encourage cohabitation.
Moreover, marriage remains the greatest antidote to
child poverty. The 40 percent of children who now
are born outside of marriage are five times more
likely to live in poverty than youngsters born and
raised by a mother and father in the home. Nearly
three-quarters of the $450 billion government
annually spends on welfare goes to single-parent
households. This is what it takes for a governmental
village to raise a child, and the village is doing a
tragically poor job of it.
The data and the facts lead to an inescapable
conclusion: Every child deserves a married mom and
dad. The reality remains that millions of American
families do not have the advantages that come with
that structure. We honor the courageous efforts of
those who bear the burdens of parenting alone and
embrace the principle that all Americans should be
treated with dignity and respect. But respect is not
enough. Our laws and our government’s regulations
should recognize marriage as the union of one man
and one woman and actively promote married
family life as the basis of a stable and prosperous

Marriage, Family, and Society
Foremost among those institutions is the
American family. It is the foundation of civil society,
and the cornerstone of the family is natural marriage,
the union of one man and one woman. Its daily
lessons — cooperation, patience, mutual respect,
responsibility, self-reliance — are fundamental to
the order and progress of our Republic. Strong
families, depending upon God and one another,
advance the cause of liberty by lessening the need
for government in their daily lives. Conversely, as
31

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

society. For that reason, as explained elsewhere
in this platform, we do not accept the Supreme
Court’s redefinition of marriage and we urge its
reversal, whether through judicial reconsideration or
a constitutional amendment returning control over
marriage to the states. We oppose government
discrimination against businesses or entities which
decline to sell items or services to individuals for
activities that go against their religious views about
such activities.
Families formed or enlarged by adoption
strengthen our communities and ennoble our nation.
Private entities which facilitate adoptions enrich
our communities. We support measures such as
the First Amendment Defense Act to ensure these
entities do not face government discrimination
because of their views on marriage and family. We
applaud the Republican initiatives which have led
to an increase in adoptions, an achievement which
should be recognized in any restructuring of the
federal tax code. While the number of children in
foster care has stabilized, teens who age out of that
setting often are abruptly left to face the world on
their own. We urge states and community groups
to help these young adults become independent.
Thirty years ago, President Reagan commissioned a Special Working Group on the Family to
study how government at all levels could be more
supportive of family life. We urge marriage penalties to be removed from the tax code and public
assistance programs. We invite all who care about
children to join us in this proposal to ensure that
all federal programs, in the words of President Kennedy, “stress the integrity and preservation of the
family unit.”

2 0 1 6

•

results are damning: intergenerational poverty has
persisted and worsened since 1966.
This year marks another important anniversary;
it has been 20 years since the landmark Republican
welfare reform of 1996 broke away from the
discredited Great Society model. By making welfare
a benefit instead of an entitlement, it put millions
of recipients on a transition from dependence to
independence. Welfare rolls declined by half as
recipients and prospective recipients discovered a
better way to reach their goals. Best of all, about
3 million children moved out of poverty. Today
that progress has been lost. Defying the law as it
was plainly written, the current Administration
has nullified any meaningful work requirement
and made TANF a mockery of the name we gave
it: Temporary Assistance for Needy Families. This
decision ensures that those families will remain
needy and cut off from the economic mainstream
of American society.
This is the progressive pathology: Keeping
people dependent so that government can
redistribute income. The result is 45.8 million people
on food stamps and 77 million on Medicaid, plus
another 5.7 million in the Children’s Health Insurance
Program. This is the false compassion of the status
quo. We propose instead the dynamic compassion
of work requirements in a growing economy, where
opportunity takes the place of a hand-out, where
true self-esteem can grow from the satisfaction of
a job well done.
We call for removal of structural impediments
which progressives throw in the path of poor people:
Over-regulation of start-up enterprises, excessive
licensing requirements, needless restrictions on
formation of schools and day-care centers serving
neighborhood families, and restrictions on providing
public services in fields like transport and sanitation
that close the opportunity door to all but a favored
few. We will continue our fight for school choice
until all parents can find good, safe schools for their
children. To protect religious liberty we will ensure
that faith-based institutions, especially those that
are vital parts of underserved neighborhoods, do
not face discrimination by government. We propose
new partnerships between those who manage
federal programs and those who are on the front
lines of fighting poverty on the ground. We must

A Culture of Hope
We have been fighting the War on Poverty for
50 years and poverty is winning. Our social safety
net — about 80 separate means-tested programs
costing over $1 trillion every year — is designed
to help people born into or falling into poverty. It
rarely lifts them out. Its apologists judge success by
the amount of money spent to keep people in the
system. That is a cruel measurement. Republicans
propose to evaluate a poverty program by whether
it actually reduces poverty and increases the
personal independence of its participants. The
32

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

encourage their efforts to reclaim their communities
from the culture of poverty. To advance this process,
we urge greater state and local responsibility for,
and control over, public assistance programs.

2 0 1 6

•

and educators who are implementing alternatives
to Common Core, and congratulate the states which
have successfully repealed it. Their education reform
movement calls for choice-based, parent-driven
accountability at every stage of schooling. It affirms
Education: A Chance for Every Child
higher expectations for all students and rejects the
Education is much more than schooling. It is
crippling bigotry of low expectations. It recognizes
the whole range of activities by which families and
the wisdom of local control of our schools and it
communities transmit to a younger generation,
wisely sees consumer rights in education — choice
not just knowledge and skills, but ethical and
— as the most important driving force for renewing
behavioral norms and traditions. It is the handing
education. It rejects excessive testing and “teaching
over of a cultural identity. That is why American
to the test” and supports the need for strong
education has, for the last several decades, been
assessments to serve as a tool so teachers can tailor
the focus of constant controversy, as centralizing
teaching to meet student needs.
forces from outside the family
We applaud America’s
and community have sought
great teachers, who should
to remake education in order
be protected against frivolous
to remake America. They have
lawsuits and should be able
done immense damage. The
to take reasonable actions to
Maintaining American maintain discipline and order in
federal government should not
be a partner in that effort, as
the classroom. Administrators
preeminence requires
the Constitution gives it no role
need flexibility to innovate
a world-class system
in education. At the heart of
and to hold accountable
the American Experiment lies
all those responsible for
of education in which
the greatest political expression
student performance. A good
all students can reach understanding of the Bible
of human dignity: The selfevident truth that “all men are
being indispensable for the
their potential.
created equal, that they are
development of an educated
endowed by their Creator with
citizenry, we encourage state
certain unalienable rights, that
legislatures to offer the Bible
among these are Life, Liberty,
in a literature curriculum as
and the Pursuit of Happiness.”
an elective in America’s high
That truth rejects the dark view of the individual as
schools. We urge school districts to make use of
human capital — a possession for the creation of
teaching talent in the business community, STEM
another’s wealth.
fields, and the military, especially among our
Parents are a child’s first and foremost
returning veterans. Rigid tenure systems should
educators, and have primary responsibility for
be replaced with a merit-based approach in order
the education of their children. Parents have a
to attract the best talent to the classroom. All
right to direct their children’s education, care,
personnel who interact with school children should
and upbringing. We support a constitutional
pass background checks and be held to the highest
amendment to protect that right from interference
standards of personal conduct.
by states, the federal government, or international
Academic Excellence for All
bodies such as the United Nations. We reject a oneMaintaining American preeminence requires
size-fits-all approach to education and support a
a world-class system of education in which all
broad range of choices for parents and children at
students can reach their potential. Republicans are
the state and local level. We likewise repeat our longleading the effort to create it. Since 1965, the federal
standing opposition to the imposition of national
government, through more than 100 programs in
standards and assessments, encourage the parents
33

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

the Department of Education, has spent $2 trillion
on elementary and secondary education with little
substantial improvement in academic achievement
or high school graduation rates. The United States
spends an average of more than $12,000 per pupil
per year in public schools, for a total of more than
$620 billion. That represents more than 4 percent of
GDP devoted to K-12 education in 2011-2012. Of that
amount, federal spending amounted to more than
$57 billion. Clearly, if money were the solution, our
schools would be problem-free.
More money alone does not necessarily equal
better performance. After years of trial and error,
we know the policies and methods that have
actually made a difference in student advancement:
Choice in education; building on the basics;
STEM subjects and phonics; career and technical
education; ending social promotions; merit pay
for good teachers; classroom discipline; parental
involvement; and strong leadership by principals,
superintendents, and locally elected school boards.
Because technology has become an essential tool
of learning, it must be a key element in our efforts
to provide every child equal access and opportunity.
We strongly encourage instruction in American
history and civics by using the original documents
of our founding fathers.

2 0 1 6

•

In sum, on the one hand enormous amounts
of money are being spent for K-12 public education
with overall results that do not justify that spending
level. On the other hand, the common experience
of families, teachers, and administrators forms the
basis of what does work in education. In Congress
and in the states, Republicans are bridging the
gap between those two realities. Congressional
Republicans are leading the way forward with major
reform legislation advancing the concept of block
grants and repealing numerous federal regulations
which have interfered with state and local control
of public schools. Their Workplace Innovation
and Opportunity Act — modernizing workforce
programs, repealing mandates, and advancing
employment for persons with disabilities — is
now law. Their legislation to require transparency
in unfunded mandates imposed upon our schools
is advancing. Their D.C. Opportunity Scholarship
Program should be expanded as a model for
the rest of the country. We deplore the efforts
of Congressional Democrats and the current
President to eliminate this successful program for
disadvantaged students in order to placate the
leaders of the teachers’ unions.
To ensure that all students have access to
the mainstream of American life, we support
the English First approach and oppose divisive
programs that limit students’ ability to advance in
American society. We renew our call for replacing
“family planning” programs for teens with sexual
risk avoidance education that sets abstinence
until marriage as the responsible and respected
standard of behavior. That approach — the only
one always effective against premarital pregnancy
and sexually-transmitted disease — empowers
teens to achieve optimal health outcomes. We
oppose school-based clinics that provide referral
or counseling for abortion and contraception and
believe that federal funds should not be used in
mandatory or universal mental health, psychiatric,
or socio-emotional screening programs. The federal
government has pushed states to collect and share
vast amounts of personal student and family data,
including the collection of social and emotional
data. Much of this data is collected without parental
consent or notice. This is wholly incompatible with
the American Experiment and our inalienable rights.

Choice in Education
We support options for learning, including
home-schooling, career and technical education,
private or parochial schools, magnet schools,
charter schools, online learning, and early-college
high schools. We especially support the innovative
financing mechanisms that make options available
to all children: education savings accounts (ESAs),
vouchers, and tuition tax credits. Empowering
families to access the learning environments that will
best help their children to realize their full potential
is one of the greatest civil rights challenges of our
time. A young person’s ability to succeed in school
must be based on his or her God-given talent and
motivation, not an address, ZIP code, or economic
status. We propose that the bulk of federal money
through Title I for low-income children and through
IDEA for children with special needs should follow
the child to whatever school the family thinks will
work best for them.
34

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Title IX
We emphatically support the original, authentic
meaning of Title IX of the Education Amendments
of 1972. It affirmed that “no person in the United
States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from
participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be
subjected to discrimination under any education
program or activity receiving Federal financial
assistance.” That language opened up for girls and
women a world of opportunities that had too often
been denied to them. That same provision of law
is now being used by bureaucrats — and by the
current President of the United States — to impose
a social and cultural revolution upon the American
people by wrongly redefining sex discrimination
to include sexual orientation or other categories.
Their agenda has nothing to do with individual
rights; it has everything to do with power. They
are determined to reshape our schools — and our
entire society — to fit the mold of an ideology alien
to America’s history and traditions. Their edict to
the states concerning restrooms, locker rooms, and
other facilities is at once illegal, dangerous, and
ignores privacy issues. We salute the several states
which have filed suit against it.
Sexual assault is a terrible crime. We commend
the good-faith efforts by law enforcement,
educational institutions, and their partners to
address that crime responsibly. Whenever reported,
it must be promptly investigated by civil authorities
and prosecuted in a courtroom, not a faculty lounge.
Questions of guilt or innocence must be decided
by a judge and jury, with guilt determined beyond
a reasonable doubt. Those convicted of sexual
assault should be punished to the full extent of the
law. The Administration’s distortion of Title IX to
micromanage the way colleges and universities deal
with allegations of abuse contravenes our country’s
legal traditions and must be halted before it further
muddles this complex issue and prevents the proper
authorities from investigating and prosecuting
sexual assault effectively with due process.

2 0 1 6

•

by admitting large numbers of foreign students,
convey our values and culture to the world. Their
excellence is undermined by an ideological bias
deeply entrenched within the current university
system. Whatever the solution may be in private
institutions, in state schools the trustees have a
responsibility to the taxpayers to ensure that their
enormous investment is not abused for political
indoctrination. We call on state officials to preserve
our public colleges, universities, and trade schools
as places of learning and the exchange of ideas, not
zones of intellectual intolerance or “safe zones,” as
if college students need protection from the free
exchange of ideas. A student’s First Amendment
rights do not end at the schoolhouse gates.
Colleges, universities, and trade schools must not
infringe on their freedom of speech and association
in the name of political correctness. We condemn
the campus-based BDS (Boycott, Divestment,
and Sanctions) campaign against Israel. It is antiSemitism and should be denounced by advocates
of academic freedom.
College Costs
The cost of a college education has long been
on an unsustainable trajectory, rising year by year
far ahead of inflation. Nationwide, student debt now
exceeds credit card debt with average debt levels
per student totaling roughly $27,000. Delinquency
rates on student loans are now as high as they were
on subprime mortgages during the housing crisis.
Over half of recent college grads are unemployed
or underemployed, working at jobs for which their
expensive educations gave them no preparation.
We need new systems of learning to compete with
traditional four-year schools: Technical institutions,
online universities, life-long learning, and workbased learning in the private sector. Public policy
should advance their affordability, innovation, and
transparency and should recognize that a four-year
degree from a brick-and-mortar institution is not the
only path toward a prosperous and fulfilling career.
The federal government should not be in the
business of originating student loans. In order
to bring down college costs and give students
access to a multitude of financing options, private
sector participation in student financing should be
restored. Any regulation that increases college costs

Improving Higher Education
Our colleges, universities, and trade schools,
large and small, public and private, form the world’s
greatest assemblage of learning. They drive much of
the research that keeps America competitive and,
35

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

must be challenged to balance its worth against its
negative economic impact on students and their
families.
In order to encourage new modes of higher
education delivery to enter the market, accreditation
should be decoupled from federal financing, and
states should be empowered to allow a wide array
of accrediting and credentialing bodies to operate.
This model would foster innovation, bring private
industry into the credentialing market, and give
students the ability to customize their college
experience.

2 0 1 6

•

Obamacare and give America a much-needed tax
cut.
In its place we must combine what worked
best in the past with changes needed for the future.
We must recover the traditional patient-physician
relationship based on mutual trust, informed
consent, and confidentiality. To simplify the system
for both patients and providers, we will reduce
mandates and enable insurers and providers of
care to increase healthcare options and contain
costs. Our goal is to ensure that all Americans
have improved access to affordable, high-quality
healthcare, including those struggling with mental
illness.
We will return to the states their historic role
of regulating local insurance markets, limit federal
requirements on both private insurance and
Medicaid, and call on state officials to reconsider the
costly medical mandates, imposed under their own
laws, that price millions of low-income families out
of the insurance market. To guarantee first-rate care
for the needy, we propose to block grant Medicaid
and other payments and to assist all patients,
including those with pre-existing conditions, to
obtain coverage in a robust consumer market.
Through Obamacare, the current Administration has
promoted the notion of abortion as healthcare. We,
however, affirm the dignity of women by protecting
the sanctity of human life. Numerous studies have
shown that abortion endangers the health and wellbeing of women, and we stand firmly against it.
To ensure vigorous competition in healthcare,
and because cost-awareness is the best guard
against over-utilization, we will promote price
transparency so consumers can know the cost
of treatments before they agree to them. We will
empower individuals and small businesses to form
purchasing pools in order to expand coverage to
the uninsured. We believe that individuals with
preexisting conditions who maintain continuous
coverage should be protected from discrimination.
We applaud the advance of technology in electronic
medical records while affirming patient privacy and
ownership of personal health information.
Consumer choice is the most powerful factor in
healthcare reform. Today’s highly mobile workforce
needs portability of insurance coverage that can go

Restoring Patient Control and
Preserving Quality in Healthcare
Any honest agenda for improving healthcare
must start with repeal of the dishonestly named
Affordable Care Act of 2010: Obamacare. It weighs
like the dead hand of the past upon American
medicine. It imposed a Euro-style bureaucracy to
manage its unworkable, budget-busting, conflicting
provisions. It has driven up prices for all consumers.
Their insurance premiums have dramatically
increased while their deductibles have risen about
eight times faster than wages in the last ten years.
It drove up drug prices by levying a $27 billion
tax on manufacturers and importers and, through
mandated price cuts for drugs under Medicare and
Medicaid, forced pharmaceutical companies to
raise prices for everyone else. Its “silver plans,” the
most common option on the government insurance
exchanges, limit people’s access to their own doctor
through narrow networks and restrict drug coverage,
forcing many patients to pay for extremely costly
medicines for their chronic diseases.
We agree with the four dissenting judges of the
Supreme Court: “In our view, the entire Act before
us is invalid in its entirety.” It must be removed
and replaced with an approach based on genuine
competition, patient choice, excellent care, wellness,
and timely access to treatment. To that end, a
Republican president, on the first day in office,
will use legitimate waiver authority under the law
to halt its advance and then, with the unanimous
support of Congressional Republicans, will sign its
repeal. The Supreme Court upheld Obamacare
based on Congress’ power to tax. It is time to repeal

36

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

with them from job to job. The need to maintain
coverage should not dictate where families have to
live and work. We propose to end tax discrimination
against the individual purchase of insurance and
allow consumers to buy insurance across state
lines. In light of that, we propose repealing the 1945
McCarran-Ferguson Act which protects insurance
companies from anti-trust litigation. We look to
the growth of Health Savings Accounts and Health
Reimbursement Accounts that empower patients
and advance choice in healthcare.
Our aging population must have access to safe
and affordable care. Because most seniors desire
to age at home, we will make homecare a priority
in public policy and will implement programs to
protect against elder abuse.

Better Care and Lower Costs: Tort Reform
Medical malpractice lawsuits have ballooned
the cost of healthcare for everyone by forcing
physicians to practice defensive medicine through
tests and treatments which otherwise might be
optional. Rural America is especially affected as
obstetricians, surgeons, and other providers move
to urban settings or retire in the face of escalating
insurance premiums. Many Republican Governors
have advanced the legal reforms necessary to
reverse that trend. We support state and federal
legislation to cap non-economic damages in
medical malpractice lawsuits, thereby relieving
conscientious providers of burdens that are not
rightly theirs and addressing a serious cause of
higher medical bills.

Protecting Individual Conscience
in Healthcare
America’s healthcare professionals should not
be forced to choose between following their faith
and practicing their profession. We respect the
rights of conscience of healthcare professionals,
doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and organizations,
especially the faith-based groups which provide
a major portion of care for the nation and the
needy. We support the ability of all organizations to
provide, purchase, or enroll in healthcare coverage
consistent with their religious, moral, or ethical
convictions without discrimination or penalty.
We support the right of parents to determine the
proper medical treatment and therapy for their
minor children. We support the right of parents
to consent to medical treatment for their minor
children and urge enactment of legislation that
would require parental consent for their daughter
to be transported across state lines for abortion.
Providers should not be permitted to unilaterally
withhold services because a patient’s life is deemed
not worth living. American taxpayers should not be
forced to fund abortion. As Democrats abandon
this four decade-old bipartisan consensus, we
call for codification of the Hyde Amendment and
its application across the government, including
Obamacare. We call for a permanent ban on federal
funding and subsidies for abortion and healthcare
plans that include abortion coverage.

Advancing Research and
Development in Healthcare
American medicine is poised to enter a new
era of technological advance. Federal and private
investment in basic and applied biomedical
research holds enormous promise, especially with
diseases and disorders like autism, Alzheimer’s,
and Parkinson’s. Just as we today take for granted
wonders that seemed impossible a few decades ago
— MRIs and CAT scans, robotic surgery, and in utero
treatment — patients a decade hence will have
care and treatment that will make much of today’s
medicine look primitive. Modern miracles involving
genetics, the immune system, cures for deadly
diseases, and more are in the research pipeline.
This is the consequence of marrying significant
investment, both public and private, with the world’s
best talent, a formula that has for a century given
the American people the world’s best healthcare.
We are determined that it should continue to do
so, especially as we confront new dangers like
Ebola, Zika, Chikungunya, and antibiotic-resistant
pathogens.
To continue our headway against breast
and prostate cancer, diabetes, and other killers,
research must consider the needs of formerly
neglected demographic groups. We call for
expanded support for the stem cell research that
now offers the greatest hope for many afflictions
— through adult stem cells, umbilical cord blood,

37

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

and cells reprogrammed into pluripotent stem cells
— without the destruction of embryonic human
life. We urge a ban on human cloning for research
or reproduction, and a ban on the creation of, or
experimentation on, human embryos for research.
We applaud Congress’ ban on the FDA approval
of research involving three-parent embryos. We
believe the FDA’s approval of Mifeprex, a dangerous
abortifacient formerly known as RU-486, threatens
women’s health, as does the agency’s endorsement
of over-the-counter sales of powerful contraceptives
without a physician’s recommendation. We support
cutting federal and state funding for entities that
endanger women’s health by performing abortions
in a manner inconsistent with federal or state law.

2 0 1 6

•

and most from new devices and drugs, and that the
FDA no longer wastes U.S. taxpayer and innovators’
resources through bureaucratic red tape and legal
uncertainty. We commend those states that have
passed Right to Try legislation, allowing terminally
ill patients the right to try investigational medicines
not yet approved by the FDA. We urge Congress to
pass federal legislation to give all Americans with
terminal illnesses the right to try.
Advancing Americans with Disabilities
Under the last two Republican presidents,
landmark civil rights legislation affirmed the inherent
rights of persons with disabilities. Republicans want
to support those rights by guaranteeing access to
education and the tools necessary to compete in
the mainstream of society. This is not just a moral
obligation to our fellow Americans with disabilities.
It is our duty to our country’s future to tap this vast
pool of talented individuals who want to work and
contribute to the common good. For that reason,
Republican leadership led to enactment of the
ABLE Act (Achieving a Better Life Experience)
and the Steve Gleason Act. The former, for the first
time, lets people with disabilities maintain access
to services while saving to develop assets. The
latter, bearing the name of the former NFL player
with ALS, provides access to speech-generating
devices. In addition, our Workforce Innovation and
Opportunity Act will make it easier for students with
disabilities to pursue competitive employment.
Persons with disabilities are nearly twice
as likely to be self-employed as the general
population. To encourage their entrepreneurship, it
makes sense to include them in the Small Business
Administration’s 8(a) certification program,
which opens up federal contracting for emerging
businesses. Any restructuring of the tax code should
consider ways in which companies can benefit from
the talent and energy of their disabled employees.
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act
(IDEA) has opened up unprecedented opportunities
for many students. Congressional Republicans will
lead in its reauthorization, as well as renewal of the
Higher Education Act, which can offer students
with disabilities increased access to the general
curriculum. Our TIME Act (Transition to Integrated
and Meaningful Employment) will modernize the

Putting Patients First: Reforming the FDA
The United States has led life sciences and
medical innovation for decades, bringing millions
of high-paying jobs to our country and helping
Americans and people around the world live longer,
healthier lives. Unfortunately, the continuously
increasing burden of governmental regulation
and red tape is taking its toll on our innovative
companies, and their pipeline of new life-saving
devices and drugs to our nation’s patients is
slowing and diminishing. The FDA has slowly but
relentlessly changed into an agency that more and
more puts the public health at risk by delaying,
chilling, and killing the development of new devices,
drugs and biologics that can promote our lives
and our health. The FDA needs leadership that
can reform the agency for our century and fix the
lack of predictability, consistency, transparency
and efficiency at the agency. The FDA needs to
return to its traditional emphasis on hard science
and approving new breakthrough medicines, rather
than divert its attention and consume its resources
trying to overregulate electronic health records
or vaping. We pledge to restore the FDA to its
position as the premier scientific health agency,
focused on both promoting and protecting the
public health in equal measure, so we can ensure
that Americans live longer, healthier lives, that
the United States remains the world leader in life
sciences and medical innovation, that millions of
high-paying, cutting-edge device and drug jobs stay
in the United States, that U.S. patients benefit first
38

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Fair Labor Standards Act to encourage competitive
employment for persons with disabilities. We affirm
our support for its goal of minimizing the separation
of children with disabilities from their peers. We
endorse efforts like Employment First that replace
dependency with jobs in the mainstream of the
American workforce.
We oppose the non-consensual withholding
of care or treatment from people with disabilities,
including newborns, the elderly, and infirm, just as
we oppose euthanasia and assisted suicide, which
endanger especially those on the margins of society.
We urge the Drug Enforcement Administration to
restore its ban on the use of controlled substances
for physician-assisted suicide.

2 0 1 6

•

adhering to the rule of law himself. Additionally,
the next president must not sow seeds of division
and distrust between the police and the people they
have sworn to serve and protect. The Republican
Party, a party of law and order, must make clear in
words and action that every human life matters.
Two grave problems undermine the rule of
law on the federal level: Over-criminalization and
over-federalization. In the first case, Congress and
federal agencies have increased the number of
criminal offenses in the U.S. Code from 3,000 in
the early 1980s to more than 4,500 today. That
does not include an estimated 300,000 regulations
containing criminal penalties. No one, including the
Department of Justice, can come up with accurate
numbers. That recklessness is bad enough when
committed by Congress, but when it comes from
the unelected bureaucrats of the federal agencies,
it is intolerable. The power of career civil servants
and political appointees to criminalize behavior is
one of the worst violations of constitutional order
perpetrated by the administrative state.
To deal with this morass, we urge caution
in the creation of new “crimes” and a bipartisan
presidential commission to purge the Code and
the body of regulations of old “crimes.” We call
for mens rea elements in the definition of any new
crimes to protect Americans who, in violating a
law, act unknowingly or without criminal intent. We
urge Congress to codify the Common Law’s Rule
of Lenity, which requires courts to interpret unclear
statutes in favor of a defendant.
The over-federalization of criminal justice
is one of many ways in which the government
in Washington has intruded beyond its proper
jurisdiction. The essential role of federal law
enforcement personnel in protecting federal
property and combating interstate crime should not
be compromised by diversion to matters properly
handled by state and local authorities.
We applaud the Republican Governors
and legislators who have been implementing
criminal justice reforms like those proposed
by our 2012 platform. Along with diversion of
first-time, nonviolent offenders to community
sentencing, accountability courts, drug courts,
veterans treatment courts, and guidance by faithbased institutions with proven track records of

Ensuring Safe Neighborhoods:
Criminal Justice and Prison Reform
The men and women of law enforcement
— whether patrolling our neighborhoods or our
borders, fighting organized crime or guarding
against domestic terror — deserve our gratitude
and support. Their jobs are never easy, especially
in crisis situations, and should not be made more
difficult by politicized second-guessing from
federal officials. The current Administration’s lack
of respect for them, from White House intervention
in local arrests to the Attorney General’s present
campaign of harassment against police forces
around the country, has been unprecedented. With
all Americans, we mourn those whom we have lost
to violence and hatred. To honor their sacrifice, we
recommit ourselves, as individuals and as a party, to
the rule of law and the pursuit of justice.
The conduct of the Department of Justice
has included refusal to enforce laws, stonewalling
congressional committees, destroying evidence,
reckless dealing with firearms that led to several
deaths on both sides of our border, and defying
a citation for contempt. It has urged leniency for
rioters while turning a blind eye to mob attacks on
peaceful citizens exercising their political rights.
A new administration must ensure the immediate
dismissal and, where appropriate, prosecution of
any Department officials who have violated their
oath of office.
The next president must restore the public’s
trust in law enforcement and civil order by first
39

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

rehabilitation, our platform emphasized restorative
justice to make the victim whole and put the offender
on the right path. As variants of these reforms are
undertaken in many states, we urge the Congress
to learn from what works. In the past, judicial
discretion about sentences led to serious mistakes
concerning dangerous criminals. Mandatory
minimum sentencing became an important tool
for keeping them off the streets. Modifications to
it should be targeted toward particular categories,
especially nonviolent offenders and persons with
drug, alcohol, or mental health issues, and should
require disclosure by the courts of any judicial
departure from the state’s sentencing requirements.
The constitutionality of the death penalty is
firmly settled by its explicit mention in the Fifth
Amendment. With the murder rate soaring in our
great cities, we condemn the Supreme Court’s
erosion of the right of the people to enact capital
punishment in their states. In solidarity with those
who protect us, we call for mandatory prison
time for all assaults involving serious injury to law
enforcement officers.
We call on the Congress to make the federal
courts a model for the rest of the country in
protecting the rights of victims and their families.
They should be told all relevant information about
their case, allowed to be present for its trial, assured
a voice in sentencing and parole hearings, given
access to social and legal services, and benefit from
the Crime Victims Fund established under President
Reagan for that sole purpose.
Public officials must regain control of their
correctional institutions, some of which have become
ethnic and racial battlegrounds. Persons jailed for
whatever cause should be protected against cruel
or degrading treatment by other inmates. Courts
should not tie the hands of prison officials in dealing
with these problems. We encourage states to offer
opportunities for literacy and vocational education
to prepare prisoners for release to the community.
Breaking the cycle of crime begins with the children
of those who are prisoners. Deprived of a parent
through no fault of their own, youngsters from these
families should be a special concern of our schools,
social services, and religious institutions.

2 0 1 6

•

The internet must not become a safe haven for
predators. Pornography, with its harmful effects,
especially on children, has become a public health
crisis that is destroying the lives of millions. We encourage states to continue to fight this public menace and pledge our commitment to children’s safety
and well-being. We applaud the social networking
sites that bar sex offenders from participation. We
urge energetic prosecution of child pornography,
which is closely linked to human trafficking.
Combatting Drug Abuse
The progress made over the last three decades
against drug abuse is eroding, whether for cultural
reasons or for lack of national leadership. In many
jurisdictions, marijuana is virtually legalized despite
its illegality under federal law. At the other end
of the drug spectrum, heroin use nearly doubled
from 2003 to 2013, while deaths from heroin have
quadrupled. All this highlights the continuing
conflicts and contradictions in public attitudes and
public policy toward illegal substances. Congress
and a new administration should consider the longrange implications of these trends for public health
and safety and prepare to deal with the problematic
consequences.
The misuse of prescription painkillers —
opioids — is a related problem. Heroin and opioid
abuse touches our communities, our homes, and
our families in ways that have grave effects on
Americans in every community. With a quadrupling
of both their sales and their overdose deaths, the
opioid crisis is ravaging communities all over the
country, often hitting rural areas harder than urban.
Because over-prescription of drugs is such a large
part of the problem, Republican legislation now
allows Medicare Part D and Medicare Advantage
plans to limit patients to a single pharmacy.
Congressional Republicans have also called upon
the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to
ensure that no physician will be penalized for limiting
opioid prescriptions. We look for expeditious
agreement between the House and Senate on
the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act,
which addresses the opioid epidemic from both the
demand and supply sides of the problem.

40

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

America Resurgent
H H H H H
A Dangerous World
naval capabilities are inadequate for their job.
Alexander Hamilton wrote in Federalist 23
The Air Force fields the smallest and oldest force
that the first of the “principal” constitutional
of combat aircraft in its history. The Marines have
obligations of the federal government is to provide
only two-thirds the number of battalions they have
for the “common defense” of the United States,
historically needed to meet day to day operational
and President George Washington wisely reminded
demands. The Army is at its lowest troop levels
us that “To be prepared for war is one of the most
since before World War II. Our U.S. Ambassador
effectual means of preserving peace.”
and American personnel were left without adequate
After nearly eight years of a Democratic
security or backup halfway across the world in
Commander-in-Chief who has frequently placed
Benghazi. In summary, we have returned to the
strategic and ideological limitations and shackles
hollow force days of Jimmy Carter.
on our military, our enemies have been emboldened
Also neglected are our strategic forces,
and our national security is at
especially the development and
great risk. Our country faces a
deployment of ballistic missile
national security crisis, and only
defenses. The Ground-Based
In all of our country’s
by electing a Republican to the
Midcourse Defense system has
history, there is no
White House will we restore law
been delayed and underfunded.
parallel to what
and order to our land and safety
To curry favor with Russia,
to our citizens.
President Obama and defense installations in Poland
We are the party of peace
and the Czech Republic have
his former Secretary
through strength. We believe
been neutralized and the
that American exceptionalism
number of planned interceptors
of State have done to
— the notion that our ideas and
in Alaska has been reduced.
weaken our nation.
principles as a nation give us a
A New START agreement
unique place of moral leadership
(Strategic Arms Reduction
in the world — requires the
Treaty), so weak in verification
United States to retake its natural position as leader
and definitions that it is virtually impossible to prove
of the free world.
a violation, has allowed Russia to build up its nuclear
Tyranny and injustice thrive when America is
arsenal while reducing ours. Meanwhile Moscow
weakened. The oppressed have no greater ally than
has repeatedly violated the Intermediate-Range
a confident and determined United States, backed
Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty (a treaty agreeing to
by the strongest military on the planet.
the elimination of land-based mid-range nuclear
Quite simply, the Republican Party is committed
missiles) with impunity, covertly testing missiles
to rebuilding the U.S. military into the strongest on
banned under that agreement.
earth, with vast superiority over any other nation or
In the international arena, a weak Adminigroup of nations in the world. We face a dangerous
stration has invited aggression. The results of
world, and we believe in a resurgent America.
the Administration’s unilateral approach to
In all of our country’s history, there is no parallel
disarmament are already clear: An emboldened
to what President Obama and his former Secretary
China in the South China Sea, a resurgent Russia
of State have done to weaken our nation. Our aging
occupying parts of Ukraine and threatening
41

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

neighbors from the Baltic to the Caucasus, and an
aggressive Islamist terror network in the Middle
East. We support maintaining and, if warranted,
increasing sanctions, together with our allies,
against Russia unless and until Ukraine’s sovereignty
and territorial integrity are fully restored. We also
support providing appropriate assistance to the
armed forces of Ukraine and greater coordination
with NATO defense planning. All our adversaries
heard the message in the Administration’s cutbacks:
America is weaker and retreating. Concomitantly,
we honor, support, and thank all law enforcement,
first responders, and emergency personnel for their
service.

2 0 1 6

•

deploy a multi-layered missile defense system. We
must modernize nuclear weapons and their delivery
platforms, end the policy of Mutually Assured
Destruction, and rebuild relationships with our allies,
who understand that as long as the U.S. nuclear
arsenal is their shield, they do not need to engage
in nuclear proliferation.
While immigration is addressed in more
detail elsewhere, we cannot ignore the reality that
border security is a national security issue, and
that our nation’s immigration and refugee policies
are placing Americans at risk. To keep our people
safe, we must secure our borders, enforce our
immigration laws, and properly screen refugees
and other immigrants entering from any country. In
particular we must apply special scrutiny to those
foreign nationals seeking to enter the United States
from terror-sponsoring countries or from regions
associated with Islamic terrorism. This was done
successfully after September 11, 2001, under the
National Security Entry-Exit Registration System,
which should be renewed now.

Confronting the Dangers
In the face of these threats, the first order of
business for a Republican president and Congress
will be to restore our nation’s military might.
Republicans continue to support American military
superiority which has been the cornerstone of a
strategy that seeks to deter aggression or defeat
those who threaten our vital national security
interests. We must rebuild troop numbers and
readiness and confirm their mission: Protecting
the nation, not nation building. The United States
should meet the Reagan model of “peace through
strength” by a force that is capable of meeting any
and all threats to our vital national security. We
will no longer tolerate a President whose rules of
engagement put our own troops in harm’s way or
commanders who tell their soldiers that their first
duty is to fight climate change.
A Republican administration will begin at
once to undo the damage of the last eight years.
We must move from a budget-based strategy to
one that puts the security of our nation first. This
means that our Republican president’s strategic
vision will include the development of a balanced
force to meet the diverse threats facing our nation.
Special Operations Forces are simply not intended
to deal with the full spectrum of threats. We need
a Reagan-era force that can fight and win two-and
one-half wars ranging from counterterrorism to
deterring major power aggressors.
We should abandon arms control treaties
that benefit our adversaries without improving
our national security. We must fund, develop, and

Supporting Our Troops:
Resources to do Their Job
We owe it to the American people and to
those who fight our wars that we remain the
strongest military on earth and be prepared to
defeat any adversary under any circumstances on
any battlefield, including land, air, sea, or cyber.
Successive years of cuts to our defense budget
have put an undue strain on our men and women
in uniform. This is especially harmful at a time
when we are asking our military to do more in an
increasingly dangerous world. The U.S. defense
budget has suffered a 25 percent cut in real dollars
in the five years since sequestration. We support
lifting the budget cap for defense and reject the
efforts of Democrats to hold the military’s budget
hostage for their domestic agenda. Congress and
the Administration should work together to approve
military spending at the level necessary to defend our
country. We must not be encumbered by decadesold, legacy procurement processes. America’s
incredible talent and ingenuity must be unleashed
by modernizing the military procurement system
and embracing competition among traditional and
non-traditional suppliers. Competitive acquisition
42

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

and maintenance of weapon systems, including
the sustainment and support of such systems, will
benefit the U.S. economy, U.S. taxpayers, and most
important, the American warfighter. Increased
competition will enable new Department of
Defense suppliers, particularly small businesses, to
participate in the defense sector. That will promote
new demand for skilled-labor jobs, while making the
Department’s procurement more cost-efficient. The
increased agility and effectiveness will ensure that
our troops are equipped with the right resources
more quickly than our current procurement systems
allow.

2 0 1 6

•

among spouses. In many cases, they and their
children have been at war for 14 years. We must
strengthen existing programs that offer families
readjustment information and counseling, and we
urge states to help by providing job programs,
license reciprocity, one-stop service centers, and
education.
The burden of our country’s extended military
involvement in the Middle East has taken a toll on
our service personnel. Suicides among our military —
active duty troops, reservists, National Guardsmen,
and veterans — are at shocking levels, while postservice medical conditions, including addiction and
mental illness, require more and more assistance.
More than ever, our government must work with the
private sector to advance opportunities and provide
assistance to those wounded in spirit as well as in
body, whether through experimental efforts like the
PAWS (Puppies Assisting Wounded Servicemen)
program for service dogs or through the faith-based
institutions that have traditionally been providers of
counseling and aid.
We support the rights of conscience of military
chaplains of all faiths to practice their faith free
from political interference. We reject attempts
by the Obama Administration to censure and
silence them, particularly Christians and Christian
chaplains. We support an increase in the size of
the Chaplain Corps. A Republican commander-inchief will protect the religious freedom of all military
members, especially chaplains, and will not tolerate
attempts to ban Bibles or religious symbols from
military facilities. A Republican commander-inchief will also encourage education regarding the
religious liberties of military personnel under both
the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution and
the current National Defense Authorization Act.
Our country’s all-volunteer force has been a
success. We oppose the reinstatement of the draft,
except in dire circumstances like world war, whether
directly or through compulsory national service.
We support the all-volunteer force and oppose
unnecessary policy changes, including compulsory
national service and Selective Service registration
of women for a possible future draft. We reiterate
our support for both the advancement of women in
the military and their exemption from direct ground
combat units and infantry battalions. We affirm the

Supporting Our Troops:
Standing by Our Heroes
With Republican leadership, the Congress
recently passed legislation that begins to reverse
America’s military decline. The National Defense
Authorization Act of 2016 begins to correct the
shortfalls in our military readiness by reversing
troop cuts, increasing investments in training and
maintenance, and rebuilding facilities. It gives our
troops the full pay raise to which they are entitled
under the law and gives the next administration
the ability to review operations and funding, make
adjustments, and ask for more money if necessary.
All this represents a sound start in supporting those
who put their lives on the line in defense of our
country, while protecting our national security in a
dangerous world.
Military families must be assured of the pay,
healthcare, housing, education, and overall support
they have earned. In recent years, they have
been carrying the burden of budgetary restraint
more than any other Americans through cuts in
their pay, health benefits, and retirement plans.
About 75 percent of enlistees come from military
families. We cannot expect that level of patriotic
commitment to continue among young people who
have experienced the way their families have been
treated.
We must ensure that the nation keeps its
commitments to those who signed on the dotted
line of enlistment. The repeated troop deployments
during conflicts in the Middle East have been
unusually hard on all members of their households,
worsening unemployment and underemployment
43

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

cultural values that encourage selfless service and
here at home such as Hurricane Katrina and Super
superiority in battle, and we oppose anything which
Storm Sandy.
might divide or weaken team cohesion, including
To avoid the overextension of our military,
intra-military special interest demonstrations.
we support a larger active force and oppose the
In particular, we warn against modification or
current Administration’s cuts to the National Guard
lessening of standards in order to satisfy a nonand Reserves. Those reductions are dangerous and
military agenda imposed by the White House.
counter-productive because the men and women of
We call for an objective review of the impact on
the Guard and Reserve tend to be older and more
readiness of the current Administration’s ideologyexperienced than their active duty counterparts.
based personnel policies, and
Guard and Reserve
will correct problems with
forces are currently deployed at
appropriate administrative,
historically high rates. The Army
legal, or legislative action. We
Reserve alone has soldiers
reject the use of the military
in 30 countries. To its credit,
America has a
as a platform for social
the Republican Congress, by
experimentation and will not
passing the National Defense
sacred trust with our
accept or continue attempts
Authorization Act, has moved
veterans, and we are
to undermine military priorities
to ensure these troops have
and mission readiness. We
committed to ensuring what they need. That provision
believe that our nation is most
triggered another veto
them and their families’ has
secure when the president and
threat from the Commanderthe administration prioritize
in-Chief, even though the bill
care and dignity.
readiness, recruitment, and
passed with overwhelming
retention rather than using the
bipartisan support in both the
military to advance a social
House and Senate. He would
or political agenda. Military
have the members of the
readiness should not be sacrificed on the altar
Reserve and Guard train on, and potentially be
of political correctness. We oppose legislative
deployed with, equipment that is no longer used by
attempts to modify the system of military justice
their active duty comrades. We cannot tolerate this
endangerment of both our troops and our national
that would undermine its fairness and due process
security. Therefore, we recommend a permanent
rights for all concerned, both the accuser and the
line item for National Guard affairs, one that is
accused.
not eliminated by the President and reinstated by
Congress. The guard is too essential to our national
Citizen Soldiers:
defense to be a secondary decision.
National Guard and Reserves
Our Reserve and National Guard forces are
national assets that must be nurtured in a manner
Honoring and Supporting Our Veterans:
commensurate with their role as America’s sentinels.
A Sacred Obligation
Their historic mission as citizen-soldiers is a proud
Our nation’s veterans have been our nation’s
strength and remain a national resource. Their
tradition linking every town and city across America
to liberty’s cause. Since September 11, 2001, the
service to their country — as community leaders,
National Guard has transformed from a strategic
volunteers, mentors, educators, problem solvers,
reserve to a fully integrated operational fighting
and public officials — continues long after they
force. The Guard has bled on missions in Iraq,
leave the military. In the same way, our obligation
Afghanistan, the Balkans, and the Sinai. Today, more
to the one percent who defend the other ninetythan fifty percent of our Guardsmen have combat
nine percent does not end when they take off
experience. The Guard has demonstrated its value
the uniform. America has a sacred trust with our
to the nation not only in war but during emergencies
veterans, and we are committed to ensuring them
44

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

and their families’ care and dignity. The work of the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is essential
to meet our commitments to them: Providing
health, education, disability, survivor, and home
loan benefits, and arranging memorial services
upon death. We heed Abraham Lincoln’s command
“to care for him who bore the battle.” To care,
as well, for the families of those who have made
the ultimate sacrifice, who must be assured of
meaningful financial assistance, remains our solemn
duty.
As shown by recent controversies at the
Department, senior leaders must be held
accountable for ensuring that their subordinates
are more responsive to veterans’ needs. The VA
has failed those who have sacrificed the most for
our freedom. The VA must move from a sometimes
adversarial stance to an advocacy relationship with
vets. To that end, we will empower the Secretary
to hold all VA employees accountable and will seek
fundamental change in the VA’s senior leadership
structure by placing presidential appointees, rather
than careerists, in additional positions of significant
responsibility. We cannot allow an unresponsive
bureaucracy to blunt our national commitment. The
VA must strengthen and improve its efforts through
partnerships with private enterprises, veteran
service organizations, technology and innovation,
and competitive bidding to enable the VA to better
provide both quality and timely care along with all
earned benefits to our nation’s veterans and their
families. This will allow the VA to reduce the backlog
and save immense resources all at the same time.
Therefore, let us look to innovative solutions that
allow higher quality VA care, reduce backlogs, and
save immense resources all at the same time.
Our wounded warriors, whether still in service
or discharged, deserve the best medical care the
country can provide. We must make military and
veterans’ medicine the gold standard for mental
health, traumatic brain injury, multiple traumas,
loss of limbs, and post-traumatic stress disorder
(PTSD). Those injuries require a new commitment of
targeted resources and personnel for treatment and
care to advance recovery. That includes allowing
veterans to choose to access care in the community
and not just in VA facilities, because the best care in
the world is not effective if it is not accessible. We

2 0 1 6

•

will seek to consolidate the VA’s existing community
care authorities to make a single program that will
be easily understood by both veterans and VA
healthcare providers.
Like the rest of American medicine, the VA
faces a critical shortage of primary care and mental
health physicians. That’s why there are long waiting
times to see a doctor and why doctors are often
frustrated by the limited time they have with their
patients. This is especially the case with mental
health care, which often amounts to prescribing
drugs because there are not enough psychologists
and psychiatrists to do anything else. Inadequate
treatment of PTSD drives other problems like
suicide, homelessness, and unemployment. This
situation may not be quickly reversed, but a
Republican administration will begin, on day one, to
undertake the job.
As a nation, we honor the sacrifice of our fallen
service members at the graves where we lay them
to rest in national, state, and veterans’ cemeteries
around the world. In doing so, we make it clear
that their ultimate sacrifice and service to our
country will never be forgotten. As a party, we seek
to honor their sacrifice and comfort their families
by ensuring all veterans’ cemeteries are adequately
equipped and a standard of care established, using
Arlington Cemetery as a guide, that is befitting their
service.
The level of financial distress and homelessness among vets is a shame to the nation. For a
veteran, a job is more than a source of income. It is
a new mission, with a new status, and the transition
can be difficult. We urge the private sector to
make hiring vets a company policy and commend
the organizations that have proven programs to
accomplish this. We will retain the preference
given to veterans when they seek federal
employment. We urge closer coordination with the
state offices for veterans’ affairs, particularly with
regard to expediting disability claims, since those
closest to an individual can often best diagnose
a problem and apply a remedy. We will halt the
current Administration’s unconstitutional automatic
denial of gun ownership to returning members of
our Armed Forces who have had representatives
appointed to manage their financial affairs. We
urge state education officials to promote the hiring
45

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Challenges of a Changing Middle East
The Middle East is more dangerous now than
at any time since the Second World War. Whatever
their disagreements, presidents of both parties had
always prioritized America’s national interests, the
trust of friendly governments, and the security of
Israel. That sound consensus was replaced with
impotent grandstanding on the part of the current
President and his Secretaries of State. The results
have been ruinous for all parties except Islamic
terrorists and their Iranian and other sponsors.
We consider the Administration’s deal with Iran,
to lift international sanctions and make hundreds of
billions of dollars available to the Mullahs, a personal
agreement between the President and his negotiating partners and non-binding on the next president.
Without a two-thirds endorsement by the Senate, it
does not have treaty status. Because of it, the defiant and emboldened regime in Tehran continues
to sponsor terrorism across the region, develop a
nuclear weapon, test-fire ballistic missiles inscribed
with “Death to Israel,” and abuse the basic human
rights of its citizens. A Republican president will not
be bound by it. We must retain all options in dealing
with a situation that gravely threatens our security,
our interests, and the survival of our friends.
Over the last four years we have seen the rise
of a murderous fanaticism in the form of ISIS, the
so called Islamic State. Its reach now extends far
beyond the Middle East to virtually every continent.
ISIS has brought ancient butchery into the 21st
century. Nations are imploding, erasing longestablished borders. The Obama Administration
and its Secretary of State so mishandled the Arab
Spring that it destabilized the entire region. The
hope some saw in the Arab Spring has transformed
into disappointment. The dictator of Syria, Bashar
Assad, has murdered hundreds of thousands of his
own people and created millions of refugees, and
an American president has been unable to rally the
world against him. Understandably, our allies fear
for their future in a region far more dangerous than
it was eight years ago.
A Republican administration will restore our
nation’s credibility. We must stand up for our friends,
challenge our foes, and destroy ISIS. Hezbollah,
controlling over 100,000 missiles in Lebanon, must
be isolated and Lebanon’s independence restored.

of qualified veterans as teachers in our public
schools. Their proven abilities and life experiences
will make them more successful instructors and
role models for students than would any teaching
certification.
Over-prescription of opioids has become
a nationwide problem hindering the treatment
of veterans suffering from mental health issues.
We therefore support the need to explore new
and broader ranges of options, including faithbased programs, that will better serve the veteran
and reduce the need to rely on drugs as the sole
treatment.
America: The Indispensable Nation
For the last several generations, our country’s
two major political parties were dedicated to the
nation’s security and the advance of freedom
around the world. Both had learned from mistakes
of the past and realized that a weak America invited
aggression. Both recognized the need to stand
with friends and oppose those who wished us evil.
Whatever their disagreements, both the Republican
and Democratic parties stood for peace through
strength — and strength meant American military
superiority.
This bipartisan commitment has tragically
changed. The leadership of the Democratic Party,
both those in office and those who seek it, no longer
see America as a force for good in the world. They
do not stand by allies or stand strong against our
foes. They pander to world opinion and neglect the
national interest. They cannot be trusted to advance
either the cause of liberty or our national security in
the dangerous years in which we live.
We affirm our party’s tradition of world
leadership established by President Eisenhower
and followed by every Republican president
since. It stands for enormous power — and the
prudence to use it sparingly, precisely, and only
in grave necessity. It stands for involvement, not
intervention. It requires consultation, not permission
to act. It leads from the front — and ensures all
others do their parts as well. It embraces American
exceptionalism and rejects the false prophets of
decline and diminution. It is, in sum, the way we
will lead the world into a new century of greater
peace and prosperity — another American Century.
46

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

We will support the transition to a post-Assad Syrian
Our Unequivocal Support for Israel
government that is representative of its people,
Like the United States of America, the modern
protects the rights of all minorities and religions,
state of Israel is a country born from the aspirarespects the territorial integrity of its neighbors,
tion for freedom and stands out among the nations
and contributes to peace and stability in the region.
as a beacon of democracy and humanity. Beyond
our mutual strategic interests, Israel is likewise an
The Iraqi people have been on the front lines in the
fight against terror. Hundreds of thousands have
exceptional country that shares our most essenbeen killed, and the attacks against them continue,
tial values. It is the only country in the Middle East
even in Baghdad. Our partnership with them should
where freedom of speech and freedom of religion
continue as long as ISIS and others like it survive in
are found. Therefore, support for Israel is an expresthe region. We are deeply concerned that, in the face
sion of Americanism, and it is the responsibility of
of genocide against them, Christian communities in
our government to advance policies that reflect
cities like Erbil are receiving no financial support
Americans’ strong desire for a relationship with no
from either the U.S. government or the UN to help
daylight between America and Israel. We recognize
with displaced persons and urban refugees. Their
Jerusalem as the eternal and indivisible capital of
the Jewish state and call for the American embassy
survival is sustained only by private charities. This
must change immediately. Defeating ISIS means
to be moved there in fulfillment of U.S. law.
more than pushing back its
We reaffirm America’s
fighters while abandoning its
commitment to Israel’s security
victims. It must mean aiding
and will ensure that Israel mainIt is the responsibility
tains a qualitative military edge
those who have suffered the
of our government to
most — and doing so before
over any and all adversaries. We
they starve. It means supporting
support Israel’s right and obliadvance policies that
gation to defend itself against
the long-term survival of
reflect Americans’
indigenous religious and ethnic
terror attacks upon its people
communities, punishing the
and against alternative forms
strong desire for a
perpetrators of crimes against
of warfare being waged upon
relationship with no
it legally, economically, culturhumanity, and conditioning
humanitarian and military
ally, and otherwise. We reject
daylight between
the false notion that Israel is an
assistance to governments on
America and Israel.
occupier and specifically recogtheir observable commitment
to human rights.
nize that the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions Movement
We continue to support
(BDS) is anti-Semitic in nature and seeks to destroy
the Kurdish people, whose bravery and cooperation
Israel. Therefore, we call for effective legislation to
with our forces merit our respect and their
autonomy. Many countries in the region have given,
thwart actions that are intended to limit commercial relations with Israel, or persons or entities doing
and continue to give, substantial assistance to
business in Israel or in Israeli-controlled territories,
the United States because they understand that
our struggle against terrorism is not an ethnic or
in a discriminatory manner.
The United States seeks to assist in the estabreligious fight. They consider violent extremists to
lishment of comprehensive and lasting peace in the
be abusers of their faith, not its champions. We
applaud their courage and value their counsel. The
Middle East, to be negotiated among those living
U.S. government, together with its global partners,
in the region. We oppose any measures intended to
impose an agreement or to dictate borders or other
should mobilize its political, economic, and military
assets to support the creation of a safe haven in
terms, and we call for the immediate termination of
all U.S. funding of any entity that attempts to do
northern Iraq to protect those ethnic and religious
minorities continuing to face genocide at the hands
so. Our party is proud to stand with Israel now and
of ISIS.
always.
47

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

U.S. Leadership in the Asian Pacific
We are a Pacific nation with economic, military,
and cultural ties to all the countries of the oceanic
rim and treaty alliances with Japan, South Korea,
Australia, the Philippines, and Thailand. With
them, we look toward the establishment of human
rights for the people of North Korea. We urge the
government of China to recognize the inevitability
of change in the Kim family’s slave state and, for
everyone’s safety against nuclear disaster, to
hasten positive change on the Korean peninsula.
The United States will continue to demand the
complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement
of North Korea’s nuclear weapons program with
full accounting of its proliferation activities. We
also pledge to counter any threats from the North
Korean regime.
We salute the people of Taiwan, with whom
we share the values of democracy, human rights, a
free market economy, and the rule of law. Our relations will continue to be based upon the provisions
of the Taiwan Relations Act, and we affirm the Six
Assurances given to Taiwan in 1982 by President
Reagan. We oppose any unilateral steps by either
side to alter the status quo in the Taiwan Straits on
the principle that all issues regarding the island’s future must be resolved peacefully, through dialogue,
and be agreeable to the people of Taiwan. If China
were to violate those principles, the United States,
in accord with the Taiwan Relations Act, will help
Taiwan defend itself. We praise efforts by the new
government in Taipei to continue constructive relations across the Taiwan Strait and call on China
to reciprocate. As a loyal friend of America, Taiwan
has merited our strong support, including free trade
agreement status, the timely sale of defensive arms
including technology to build diesel submarines,
and full participation in the World Health Organization, International Civil Aviation Organization, and
other multilateral institutions.
China’s behavior has negated the optimistic
language of our last platform concerning our future
relations with China. The liberalizing policies of
recent decades have been abruptly reversed, dissent
brutally crushed, religious persecution heightened,
the internet crippled, a barbaric population control
two-child policy of forced abortions and forced
sterilizations continued, and the cult of Mao revived.

2 0 1 6

•

Critics of the regime have been kidnapped by its
agents in foreign countries. To distract the populace
from its increasing economic problems and, more
importantly, to expand its military might, the
government asserts a preposterous claim to the
entire South China Sea and continues to dredge
ports and create landing fields in contested waters
where none have existed before, ever nearer to
U.S. territories and our allies, while building a
navy far out of proportion to defensive purposes.
The complacency of the Obama regime has
emboldened the Chinese government and military
to issue threats of intimidation throughout the
South China Sea, not to mention parading their new
missile, “the Guam Killer,” down the main streets of
Beijing, a direct shot at Guam as America’s first line
of defense. Meanwhile, cultural genocide continues
in Tibet and Xinjiang, the promised autonomy of
Hong Kong is eroded, the currency is manipulated,
our technology is stolen, and intellectual property
and copyrights are mocked in an economy based
on piracy. In business terms, this is not competition;
it is a hostile takeover. For any American company
to abet those offenses, especially governmental
censorship and tracking of dissenters, is a disgrace.
The return to Maoism by China’s current
rulers is not reason to disengage with the Chinese
people or their institutions. We welcome students,
tourists, and investors, who can see for themselves
our vibrant American democracy and how real
democracy works. We caution, however, against
academic or cultural operations under the control
of the Chinese government and call upon American
colleges to dissociate themselves from this
increasing threat to academic freedom and honest
research.
Most of the nations of Southeast Asia have
set aside crippling ideologies and sought material
progress in free enterprise and democracy.
We congratulate the people of Burma on their
emergence from authoritarian rule and urge their
respect for the rights of their country’s minority
populations. Our improved relations with Vietnam
— including arms sales — must advance efforts to
obtain an accounting for, and repatriation of the
remains of, Americans who gave their lives in the
cause of Vietnamese freedom. We cannot overlook
the continued repression of fundamental rights and
48

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

religious freedom, as well as retribution against
ethnic minorities and others who assisted U.S.
forces during the conflict there.
India is our geopolitical ally and a strategic
trading partner. The dynamism of its people and
the endurance of their democratic institutions
are earning their country a position of leadership
not only in Asia but throughout the world. We
encourage the Indian government to permit
expanded foreign investment and trade, the key
to rising living standards for those left out of their
country’s energetic economy. For all of India’s
religious communities, we urge protection against
violence and discrimination. Republicans note with
pride the contributions to our country that are made
by our fellow citizens of Indian ancestry.
Conflicts in the Middle East have created
special political and military challenges for the
people of Pakistan. Our working relationship is a
necessary, though sometimes difficult, benefit to
both, and we look toward the strengthening of
historic ties that have frayed under the weight of
international conflict. This process cannot progress
as long as any citizen of Pakistan can be punished
for helping the War on Terror. Pakistanis, Afghans,
and Americans have a common interest in ridding
the region of the Taliban and securing Pakistan’s
nuclear arsenal. That goal has been undermined by
the current Administration’s feckless treatment of
troop commitments and blatant disregard of advice
from commanders on the ground, particularly with
regard to Afghanistan. A Republican president will
work with all regional leaders to restore mutual trust
while insisting upon progress against corruption
and the narcotic trade that fuels insurgency.

2 0 1 6

•

Our historic ties to the peoples of Europe have
been based on shared culture and values, common interests and goals. Their endurance cannot be taken for granted, especially in light of the
continent’s economic problems and demographic
changes. We recognize with regret the increasing
trend among many of our allies to move away from
rights and liberties that Americans hold dear, especially freedom of speech. It would be a tragic irony
if the nations of Europe which withstood Soviet
repression were to now impose a form of it upon
themselves.
We honor our special relationship with the
people of the United Kingdom and are grateful for
their staunch support in the fight against terrorism.
We respect their decision concerning their nation’s
relationship to the European Union and pledge that,
however much other international relationships may
change, those who were first to our side in our hour
of loss will always rank first in our policies and our
esteem.
We thank the several nations of Europe
that have contributed to a united effort in Iraq,
Afghanistan, and elsewhere. Their support and
sacrifice in the fight against Islamic terrorism
will not be forgotten. We applaud the ongoing
reconciliation in Northern Ireland and hope that
its success might be replicated in Cyprus. We urge
greater coordination in economic and security
affairs between the United States and the republics
of Eastern Europe. We urge that Poland be granted
visa waiver status and we support placement of
NATO troops in Poland.
For the people of Russia, we affirm our respect
and our determination to maintain a friendship
beyond the reach of those who wish to divide us.
We have common imperatives: Ending terrorism,
combating nuclear proliferation, promoting trade,
and more. We also have a common problem:
The continuing erosion of personal liberty and
fundamental rights under the current officials in the
Kremlin. Repressive at home and reckless abroad,
their policies imperil the nations which regained
their self-determination upon the collapse of the
Soviet Union. We will meet the return of Russian
belligerence with the same resolve that led to the
collapse of the Soviet Union. We will not accept
any territorial change in Eastern Europe imposed

Renewing the European Alliance
With bipartisan support, President Truman
forged the North Atlantic Treaty Organization
(NATO) as an alliance of the western democracies.
Its continued effectiveness is vital, especially in light
of recent military challenges in Eastern Europe.
With the American people spending on defense,
per capita, four times the amount spent by Europeans, we demand, as we have in the past, that our
fellow members of NATO fulfill their commitments
and meet their need for greater investment in their
armed forces.
49

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

by force, in Ukraine, Georgia, or elsewhere, and
will use all appropriate constitutional measures to
bring to justice the practitioners of aggression and
assassination.
We urge greater attention in U.S. diplomacy,
trade, and strategic planning, to the nations of
Eurasia, formerly parts of the Soviet Empire.
Caught between their two authoritarian neighbors,
their path toward democratic institutions has been
uncertain. We urge our government and our allies
to work toward the integration of the Central Asian
republics into the global economy through foreign
investment, which can bring with it market and
political reforms and a firmer establishment of
the rule of law. Those developments will not only
improve the living conditions throughout that vast
area but are likely to reduce the lure of the radical
ideologies that already threaten the region.

2 0 1 6

•

of the Western Hemisphere. Their aspirations
for economic betterment and political liberty
have deserved better from our government than
its policies of the last eight years. The current
Administration has abandoned America’s friends
and rewarded its enemies. A Republican president
will never embrace a Marxist dictator, in Venezuela
or anywhere else. The current chief executive
has allowed that country to become a narcoterrorist state, an Iranian outpost threatening
Central America, and a safe haven for the agents
of Hezbollah. Now, with their country ruined by
socialism and on the verge of chaos, the Venezuelan
people are fighting to restore their democracy and
regain their rights. When they triumph, as they
surely will, the United States will stand ready to
help them restore their country to the family of the
Americas.
We affirm our friendship and admiration for
the people of Colombia and call on the Republican
Congress to express its solidarity with their
decades-long fight against the terrorist FARC. Their
sacrifice and suffering must not be betrayed by the
accession to power of murderers and drug lords.
We want to welcome the people of Cuba
back into our hemispheric family — after their
corrupt rulers are forced from power and brought
to account for their crimes against humanity. We
stand with the Women in White and all the victims
of the loathsome regime that clings to power in
Havana. We do not say this lightly: They have been
betrayed by those who are currently in control of
U.S. foreign policy. The current Administration’s
“opening to Cuba” was a shameful accommodation
to the demands of its tyrants. It will only strengthen
their military dictatorship. We call on the Congress
to uphold current U.S. law which sets conditions for
the lifting of sanctions on the island: Legalization
of political parties, an independent media, and free
and fair internationally-supervised elections. We
call for a dedicated platform for the transmission
of Radio and TV Martí and for the promotion of
internet access and circumvention technology as
tools to strength Cuba’s pro-democracy movement.
We support the work of the Commission for
Assistance to a Free Cuba and affirm the principles
of the Cuban Adjustment Act of 1966, recognizing
the rights of Cubans fleeing Communism.

Family of the Americas
Our future is intimately tied to the future of the
Americas. Family, language, culture, environment,
and trade link us closely with both Canada and
Mexico. Our relations with both of these friends
will be based upon continuing cooperation and our
mutually shared interests. Our attention to trade
and environmental issues will contribute to strong
economic growth and prosperity throughout the
Americas.
We thank our neighbors in Mexico and Canada
who have been our partners in the fight against
terrorism and the war on drugs. The Mexican
people deserve our assistance as they bravely
resist the drug cartels that traffic in death on both
sides of our border. Their rich cultural and religious
heritage, shared by many millions of our fellow
citizens, should foster greater understanding and
cooperation between our countries.
Our Canadian neighbors can count on our
cooperation and respect. To advance North
America’s energy independence, we intend to
reverse the current Administration’s blocking of
the Keystone XL Pipeline. Apart from its economic
value, that project has become a symbol in the
contest between the public’s desire for economic
development and the government’s hostility to
growth. We stand with the people.
We express our solidarity with all the peoples
50

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Africa: The Promise and the Challenge
We recognize Africa’s extraordinary potential.
Both the United States and our many African allies
will become stronger through investment, trade,
and promotion of the democratic and free market
principles that have brought prosperity around
the world. We pledge to be the best partner of all
African nations in their pursuit of economic freedom
and human rights. The Republican Congress
has extended to 2025 the African Growth and
Opportunity Act, and President George W. Bush’s
health initiatives — AIDS relief under PEPFAR and
the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and
Malaria — continue to save millions of lives. Peace
Corps volunteers and U.S. Seabees teach and
build in villages that know firsthand our country’s
idealism.
We stand in solidarity with those African
countries now under assault by the forces of
radical Islam: Boko Haram, al-Shabaab, and others
like them. Their terror falls on both Muslims and
Christians, on anyone who will not submit to their
savage ideology. We urge governments throughout
the continent to recognize this threat to their own
people. We support closer cooperation in both
military and economic matters with those on the
front lines of civilization’s battle against the forces
of evil.

2 0 1 6

•

operations of its overpaid bureaucrats. We should
no longer tolerate its managerial scandals, its
Human Rights Council composed of some of the
world’s worst tyrants, and its treatment of Israel as a
pariah state. The U.N.’s Population Fund has, from its
origin, been rooted in no-growth policies that limit
economic development in the countries needing it
most. Its complicity in China’s barbaric program of
forced abortion led President Reagan to set a wall of
separation — his Mexico City Policy, which prohibits
the granting of federal monies to non-governmental
organizations that provide or promote abortion. We
affirm his position and, in light of plummeting birth
rates around the world, suggest a reevaluation of
the U.N.’s record on economic progress.
Precisely because we take our country’s
treaty obligations seriously, we oppose ratification
of international agreements whose long-range
implications are ominous or unclear. We do
not support the U.N. Convention on Women’s
Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
the Convention on the Rights of Persons with
Disabilities, and the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, as well
as various declarations from the U.N. Conference
on Environment and Development. Because of
our concern for American sovereignty, domestic
management of our fisheries, and our country’s
long-term energy needs, we have deep reservations
about the regulatory, legal, and tax regimes inherent
in the Law of the Sea Treaty. We emphatically reject
U.N. Agenda 21 as erosive of U.S. sovereignty, and
we oppose any form of Global Tax.
To shield members of our Armed Forces and
others in service to America from ideological
prosecutions overseas, the Republican Party does
not accept the jurisdiction of the International
Criminal Court. We support statutory protection
for U.S. personnel and officials as they act abroad
to meet our global security requirements, and we
deplore the current inaction of the Administration in
that regard. Our service members must be subject
only to American law.

Sovereign American Leadership in
International Organizations
There is no substitute for principled American
leadership. Since the end of World War II, the
United States, through the founding of the United
Nations and NATO, has participated in a number
of international organizations which can, but
sometimes do not, serve the cause of peace and
prosperity. While acting through them our country
must always reserve the right to go its own way.
We must not be silent about our country’s cause.
That is why we have long supported our country’s
international broadcasting to Eastern Europe, the
Middle East, and Asia.
Our continued participation in the United
Nations should be contingent upon the enactment
of long-overdue changes in the way that institution
functions. American taxpayers, the chief funders of
the U.N., deserve full transparency in the financial

Defending International
Religious Freedom
The U.S. Commission on International
Religious Freedom, an initiative of Congressional
Republicans, has been neglected by the current
51

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

Administration at a time when its voice more than
ever needs to be heard. Religious minorities across
the Middle East have been driven from their ancient
homelands, and thousands, there and in Africa, have
been slaughtered for their faith in what the State
Department has, belatedly, labeled genocide. The
United States must stand with leaders, like President
Sisi of Egypt who has bravely protected the rights
of Coptic Christians in Egypt, and call on other
leaders across the region to ensure that all religious
minorities, whether Yazidi, Bahai, Orthodox, Catholic
or Protestant Christians, are free to practice their
religion without fear of persecution. At a time when
China has renewed its destruction of churches,
Christian home-schooling parents are jailed in parts
of Europe, and even Canada threatens pastors for
their preaching, a Republican administration will
return the advocacy of religious liberty to a central
place in its diplomacy, will quickly designate the
systematic killing of religious and ethnic minorities
a genocide, and will work with the leaders of other
nations to condemn and combat genocidal acts.

2 0 1 6

•

for American goods and services in a competitive
global economy. Foreign assistance programs must
not only project the best of American values, but
must work to create self-sustainability and leverage
the resources and capacity of the private sector.
Even more important is the overseas assistance —
billions of dollars and volunteer hours — provided
by America’s foundations, educational institutions,
faith-based groups, and charitable individuals. Their
essential role in international development should
be weighed in any revision of the tax code.
The advance of political freedom and
entrepreneurial capitalism drives economic growth,
catalyzes private sector development, and is the
only sustainable solution to poverty. Over the last
50 years, the level of private investment overseas
from the United States has eclipsed aid many times
over. Our development strategy must build on
recent Republican efforts to use foreign assistance
to catalyze private sector investment and expertise
in addressing global challenges that can build a
more stable world and advance America’s national
security and economic interests.
The integrity of our country’s foreign assistance
program has been compromised by the current Administration’s attempt to impose on foreign recipients, especially the peoples of Africa, its own radical
social agenda while excluding faith-based groups
— the sector with the best track record in promoting
development — because they will not conform to
that agenda. We pledge to reverse this course, encouraging more involvement by the most effective
aid organizations and trusting developing peoples
to build their futures through their own values.

America’s Generosity: International
Assistance that Makes a Difference
Foreign aid must serve America’s interests first.
In today’s world of complex challenges, international
assistance is a critical tool for advancing America’s
security and economic interests by preventing
conflict, building stability, opening markets for
private investment, and responding to suffering
and need with the compassion that is at the heart
of our country’s values. A strong commitment to
international development and diplomacy, alongside
defense, was a key component of President Reagan’s
“peace through strength” strategy. It can sometimes
serve as an alternative means of keeping the peace,
far less costly both in dollars and in human lives than
military engagement. The Millennium Challenge
Corporation, spearheaded by the last Republican
Administration, has established a new model of
foreign assistance that helps ensure taxpayer
dollars are spent on projects that are effective,
results-driven, transparent, and accountable. We
must embrace this model throughout our foreign
assistance programs and efforts as a catalyst for
private sector investment to combat corruption,
strengthen the rule of law, and open new markets

Advancing Human Rights
To those who stand in the darkness of tyranny,
America has always been a beacon of hope, and so
it must remain. Radical Islamic terrorism poses an
existential threat to personal freedom and peace
around the world. We oppose its brutal assault on
all human beings, all of whom have inherent dignity.
The Republican Party stands united with all victims
of terrorism and will fight at home and abroad to
destroy terrorist organizations and protect the lives
and fundamental liberties of all people. Republicans
have led the way in promoting initiatives that have
protected and rescued millions of the world’s
52

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

most vulnerable and persecuted. Standing up for
repressed religious groups, prisoners of conscience,
women trafficked into sexual slavery, and those
suffering from disease or starvation is not just
consistent with American values. It advances
important security and economic interests as
well. A Republican administration will never say,
as Hillary Clinton did as Secretary of State in 2009,
that raising human rights concerns “can’t interfere
with the global economic crisis, the global climate
change crisis, and the security crisis.”
The United States needs a radical rethinking
of our human rights diplomacy. A Republican
administration will adopt a “whole of government”
approach to protect fundamental freedoms globally,
one where pressing human rights and rule of law
issues are integrated at every appropriate level of
our bilateral relationships and strategic decisionmaking. Republican policy will reflect the fact that
the health of the U.S. economy and environment, the
safety of our food and drug supplies, the security
of our investments and personal information in
cyberspace, and the stability and security of the
oceans will increasingly depend on allowing the free
flow of news and information and developing an
independent judiciary and civil society in countries
with repressive governments such as China, Russia,
and many nations in the Middle East and Africa.

2 0 1 6

•

to prevent overseas labor contractors who exploit
foreign workers from supporting military bases
abroad or exporting goods to the United States.
A Republican administration will strategize with
partners around the world to prevent the demand
for trafficking victims that makes exploitation
lucrative and will prosecute sex tourists and
domestic buyers to the fullest extent of the law.
We will work at home and abroad to ensure that
trafficking victims are identified among migrants,
refugees, and our own citizens so they receive the
rehabilitative care needed to heal and thrive.
America’s continuing participation in the
international campaign against human trafficking
merits our support. The goal of our domestic antitrafficking programs should be the rescue and safe
return of victims to their homes, not creating a longterm dependency upon public support. We call for
greater scrutiny of overseas labor contractors to
prevent abuses against temporary foreign workers
brought to the United States. The horrific deaths of
smuggled workers on our southwestern border at
the hands of drug cartels and other gangs highlight
the need for total security in that region.
Facing 21st Century Threats:
Cybersecurity in an Insecure World
Cyber attacks against our businesses, institutions, and the government itself have become
almost routine. They will continue until the world understands that an attack will not be tolerated — that
we are prepared to respond in kind and in greater
magnitude. Despite their promises to the contrary,
Russia and China see cyber operations as a part of
a warfare strategy during peacetime. Our response
should be to cause diplomatic, financial, and legal
pain, curtailing visas for guilty parties, freezing their
assets, and pursuing criminal actions against them.
We should seek to weaken control over the internet
by regimes that engage in cyber crimes. We must
stop playing defense and go on offense to avoid the
cyber-equivalent of Pearl Harbor.
The Republican Congress has passed important legislation to advance information-sharing
among entities endangered by cyber attacks. We
will explore the possibility of a free market for Cyber-Insurance and make clear that users have a self-

Liberty to Captives:
Combatting Human Trafficking
As an estimated 21 million people worldwide
are trapped in modern day slavery, we are reminded
to be vigilant against human trafficking in whatever
form it appears. We will use the full force of the
law against those who engage in commercial sexual
exploitation and forced or bonded labor of men,
women, or children; involuntary domestic servitude;
trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal; and the illegal recruitment and use of child
soldiers. Building on the accomplishments of the
last Republican administration in implementing the
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, we call
for increased diplomatic efforts and accountability
for foreign governments to prosecute traffickers,
including penalties for any public officials who
may be complicit in this devastating crime. We will
highlight the need to stop slave labor, taking steps
53

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

defense right to deal with hackers as they see fit. It
is critical that we protect the cyber supply chain to
ensure against contamination of components made
all over the world, sometimes in offending countries.
Our own cyber workforce should be expanded with
the assistance of the military, business, and hacker
communities to better protect our country.

2 0 1 6

•

protect the national grid and encourage states to
take the initiative to protect their own grids expeditiously.
Confronting Internet Tyranny
Internet firewall circumvention and anticensorship technology must become a national priority in light of the way authoritarian governments
such as China, Cuba, and Iran restrict free press and
isolate their people limiting political, cultural, and
religious freedom. Leaders of authoritarian governments argue that governments have the same
legal right to control internet access as they do to
control migrant access. A focus on internet freedom
is a cost-effective means of peacefully advancing
fundamental freedoms in closed and authoritarian
societies. But it is also an important economic interest, as censorship constitutes a trade barrier for
U.S. companies operating in societies like China with
advanced firewall protection policies.
A Republican administration will champion an
open and free internet based on principles of free
expression and universal values and will pursue
policies to empower citizens and U.S. companies
operating in authoritarian countries to circumvent
internet firewalls and gain accurate news and information online.

Protection Against an
Electromagnetic Pulse
A single nuclear weapon detonated at high altitude over this country would collapse our electrical
grid and other critical infrastructures and endanger
the lives of millions. With North Korea in possession
of nuclear missiles and Iran close to having them, an
EMP is no longer a theoretical concern — it is a real
threat. Moreover, China and Russia include sabotage as part of their warfare planning. Nonetheless,
hundreds of electrical utilities in the United States
have not acted to protect themselves from EMP, and
they cannot be expected to do so voluntarily since
homeland security is a government responsibility.
The President, the Congress, the Department of
Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, the
States, the utilities, and the private sector should
work together on an urgent basis to enact Republican legislation, pending in both chambers, to

54

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

The Platform Committee
Republican National Committee Chairman
Reince Priebus
Chairman
Senator John Barrasso
Co-Chairs
Governor Mary Fallin
Representative Virginia Foxx
Subcommittee Co-Chairs
Restoring the American Dream
Joe Gruters
Delbert Hosemann
Andy Puzder
A Rebirth of Constitutional Government
Rayna Casey
Kathy Kiernan
Leslie Rutledge
America’s Natural Resources:
Agriculture, Energy, and the Environment
Kelly Armstrong
Victor Sprouse
Government Reform
Tom Schriebel
Russ Walker
Great American Families, Education,
Healthcare, and Criminal Justice
Carolyn McLarty
Patricia Longo
America Resurgent
Jim Carns
Ron Rabin
Steve Yates

55

•

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Committee Members
ALABAMA

Jim Carns
Judy Carns
ALASKA

Jim Crawford
Judy Eledge
AMERICAN SAMOA

Brandon Smart
ARIZONA

Andrea Kadar
Lynden (Len) Munsil
ARKANSAS

John Nabholz
Leslie Rutledge
CALIFORNIA

Noel Hentschel
Andy Puzder
COLORADO

Robin Coran
Justin Everett
CONNECTICUT

Anthony D’Amelio
Patricia Longo
DELAWARE

Allison Brokaw
Timothy Houseal

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

Rachel Hoff
Chip Nottingham
FLORIDA

Cindy Graves
Joe Gruters
GEORGIA

Ranya Casey
Curtis “Scott” Johnson
GUAM

KENTUCKY

Julie Adams
Nathan Haney
LOUISIANA

Sandra (Sandy) McDade
Tony Perkins
MAINE

Eric Brakey
Stacey Guerin
MARYLAND

Juan Carlos Benitez
Margaret Metcalfe

Joeylynn Hough
Michael (Ben) Marchi

HAWAII

MASSACHUSETTS

IDAHO

MICHIGAN

Adrienne King
William McClary
Vicki Keen
Steve Yates
ILLINOIS

Amy Carnevale
Bob Maginn

Joe Hune
Meshawn Maddock
MINNESOTA

Stephanie Holderfield
John Lynch

Andy Aplikowski
Janet Beihoffer

INDIANA

MISSISSIPPI

James Bopp
Brenda Goff
IOWA

Ben Barringer
Tamara Scott
KANSAS

Mary Kay Culp
Kris Kobach

56

Lynn Fitch
Delbert Hosemann
MISSOURI

Hardy Billington
Bev Ehlen

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

MONTANA

NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS

NEBRASKA

David Johnson
Tracey Monroe-Winbush

NEVADA

Marc Hader
Carolyn McLarty

NEW HAMPSHIRE

Donna Cain
Russ Walker

Seth Berglee
Debra Lamm

Ivan Blanco

2 0 1 6

•

TEXAS

David Barton
Diana Denman

OHIO

Debby Brehm
Brian Buescher

UTAH

Boyd Matheson
Gayle Ruzicka

OKLAHOMA

Juanita Cox
Jesse Law

VERMONT

Rick Cochran
Darcie Johnston

OREGON

Juliana Bergeron
Stephen Stepanek

VIRGINIA

Cynthia Dunbar
Thomas Valentine

PENNSYLVANIA
NEW JERSEY

Jim McErlane
Carol Sides

NEW MEXICO

Jenniffer González-Colón
Jorge San Miguel

NEW YORK

Giovanni Cicione
Lee Ann Sennick

Joseph Pennacchio
Jill Space

VIRGIN ISLANDS

April Newland
Humberto O’Neal

PUERTO RICO

Jonathan Gardner
Andrea Moore

WASHINGTON

Manette Merrill
Philip Wilson

RHODE ISLAND

Thomas Dadey
Anne Dickerson

WEST VIRGINIA

Melody Potter
Victor Sprouse

SOUTH CAROLINA
NORTH CAROLINA

Mary Forrester
Ron Rabin

Alan Clemmons
LaDonna Ryggs

WISCONSIN

Kathy Kiernan
Tom Schreibel

SOUTH DAKOTA
NORTH DAKOTA

Kelly Armstrong
Kelly Schmidt

Nancy Neff
Hal Wick

TENNESSEE

Victor Ashe
Connie Hunter

57

WYOMING

Marti Halverson
Dick Shanor

•

R E P U B L I C A N

P L A T F O R M

2 0 1 6

•

Platform Staff
Ben Key, Executive Director
Andrew Bremberg, Policy Director
Bill Gribbin, Editor
Eric Ueland, Assistant Editor
Mary Salvi, Executive Assistant
David Schiappa, Parliamentarian
Justin Riemer, Counsel
Mary Elizabeth Taylor, Clerk
Allison Curry, Clerk
Sloane Skinner, Clerk
Karen Portik, Graphic Designer
Marcia Brown, Production
Sheila Berkley, Platform Consultant
Mike Mears, Director of Strategic Partnerships
Rachel Packebush, Intern
Administrative Team
Brian O’Malley, Ed Cowling, Blake Glovitz, Kim Owens, Will Gillette, Gordon James
Court Reporter
Stephen Mengelkamp, Nate Riveness
Policy Staff
Restoring the American Dream
Jeff Schlagenhauf
Eric Ueland

Government Reform
Danielle Cutrona
Katy Talento

A Rebirth of Constitutional Government
Stephen Higgins
Robert Porter

Great American Families, Education,
Healthcare, and Criminal Justice
Katie Altshuler
Cyrus Artz

America’s Natural Resources:
Agriculture, Energy, and the Environment
Brian Clifford
Justin Memmott

America Resurgent
Jonathan Burks
Michael Stransky
Robert Wilkie

Former Executive Directors
Ambassador John Bolton, 1984; Judy Van Rest, 1992; William Martin, 1996; Mitch Bainwol, 2000;
Anne Phelps, 2004; Steven Duffield, 2008
Special Thanks

Mike Ambrosini, Caroline Anderegg, Carl Anderson, Alex Angelson, Christine Anton, Sara Armstrong, Michael Babyak, Gineen Bresso,
Tyler Brown, Jeffrey Brownlee, Courtney Butcher, Anna Katherine Cabaniss, Joseph Chang, Jason Chung, CC Cobaugh, Paul Coyer,
Sharon Day, Logan Dryden, Kim Ekmark, Max Everett, Dirk Eyman, Jonathan Du, Grant Gardner, Mike Gilding, Ed Goeas, Jackson Greene,
Julia Griswold, William Heartsill, Rebecca Heilig, Lauren Hernandez, Mike Holley, CJ Jordan, Katie Hrkman, Dave Juday, Kate Karnes,
Sarah Keeny, Jennifer Ketchum, Kirsten Kukowski, Dan Kunsman, Dee Dee Lancaster, Bronwyn Lance-Chester, Gerrit Lansing, Jeff Larson,
Anne Lesser, Ryan Mahoney, Matthew Mazzone, Arjun Mody, Janet Montesi, Kimberly Morrall, Vanessa Morrone, Maison Newenhouse,
Kathryn Neville, Lexi Nord, Denise Northrup, Andrew Olmem, Mike Omegna, Caroline Ozer, John Phillippe, Brandon Renz, Jackie Rivera,
Christine Samuelian, Audrey Scagnelli, Tory Sendek, Raj Shah, Lani Short, Harold “Hal” Smith, Steve Smith, Veronica Smith, Sean Spicer,
Elizabeth Stangl, Elizabeth Steil, Melinda Stell, Maddison Stone, Jan Sumrall, James Tobin, Lauren Toomey, Courtney Uckele, Mike Vallante,
Evan Walker, Katie Walsh, Lindsey Walters, David Wilezol, Madeleine Westerhout, Kathi Wise
Printed by Consolidated Solutions
The Lanci, Moeritz, and Reville Family

58

H REPUBLICAN PLATFORM 2016 H

H H H H
H H H

