Thank you! Thank you!

Well, | got to tell you this is sure worth staying up for.

It is so great to be here in Raleigh, here at North Carolina State.

And | cannot imagine a better way of ending this campaign than having the opportunity
to see all of you and to watch and listen to Lady Gaga, one of the most inventive,
creative, and passionate performers whose range goes from A to Z and beyond.

And | was watching on the screen not only her perform, but all of you jumping and
singing and waving. It was great!

Because you know what? That's what | want for America and the young people of
America — the joy, the passion, the intensity!

And you know, our longtime Jon Bon Jovi was with us. He was with us up in Philadelphia
where he and Bruce Springsteen sang.

And Jon say, “Well, hey, | want to go down to Raleigh.” And so here he is.

And you know between now and the time the poll closes tomorrow, we are going to be
living on a prayer.

| was really impressed when everybody's went up saying you’d already voted. Well, go
find somebody else who hasn't voted. Okay?

Bring out your friends, your roommates, strangers on the street. Just stop and talk to
them about what's at stake in this election. Because North Carolina is key.

And it's not only important for our election. Are you ready to elect Roy Cooper as your
next governor?

Well, | sure hope so. | sure hope so.

And | hope you're ready to elect Linda Coleman your next lieutenant governor.

And how about Dan Blue III for state treasurer?

And | really, really hope you will send Deborah Ross to Washington.

Now, we are all fired up when we were with the president and Michelle in Philadelphia.
You know, the president was talking about how absolutely consequential this election is
and of course itis.

| really believe it’s the most important election of our lifetimes because we've never had a
clearer choice. Never.

It is a choice between division or unity, between strong steady leadership or a loose
cannon who could risk everything.

It's a choice between an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.
And it is a choice that really goes to the heart of who we are as Americans.

What | saw before | came in and what | see now is a sense of potential, of joy.

There is no reason, my friends, why America’s best days are not ahead of us if we reach
for them together.

We don't have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America. Tomorrow you can vote
for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted America.

Our core values are being tested in this election but my faith in our future has never been
stronger.

| love our country and | believe in the American people.

And | know if we bring everyone together, we can set goals and we can move toward
them and we can feel that sense of accomplishment that comes with being part of
something bigger than ourselves.

You know, one of the great privileges of criss-crossing the country as | have in this
campaign is meeting remarkable people.

People who stand up against the odds.

People who like my late mother.

People who understand that everybody gets knocked down. What matters is whether you
get back up, whether you believe you can keep going.

Last night, in Manchester, New Hampshire, | had the honor of being introduced by an
extraordinary man, Khizr Khan, whose son Captain Khan was killed serving our country in
Iraq.

You may remember Mr. Khan's speech at the Democratic Convention. And again last
night, he reminded us of the responsibility we all share to protect and defend our
Constitution.

The story of Captain Khan is one of courage in the face of danger. He was with his unit
when he saw a suspicious vehicle. He told his men to stay back. He moved toward the
vehicle to check it out. And the bomb went off.

He lost his life but everyone else in his unit survived. He was awarded the Bronze Star.
And this intensely personal tragedy that the Khan family experienced, becoming a Gold
Star family, was one that they thought about, grieved over in the privacy of their home
until they heard my opponent start talking about who was acceptable in America and
who wasn't.

The categories of people, starting with immigrants, including African-Americans and
Latinos and POWs and Muslims, the list went on and on and on.

And it created in Mr. Khan a sense of despair because he asked himself —- would his son
have a place in Donald Trump's America? Someone who paid the ultimate price in
serving our country.

Well, we can answer that question tomorrow resoundingly. Yes, absolutely!

So, | want you to know and | want you to spread the word, | do want to be president
for all Americans, not just some, not just for the people who support me and vote for
me. | want to be president for everyone because we all have a role to play in building
that better future for our country and for each of you.

So, if you haven't voted yet, go to IWillVote.com. You can get all the info you need.
And you can still sign up to volunteer. Right? Go to HillaryClinton.com or text JOIN to
47246 or stop by one of our offices. We would welcome you to help make sure
everybody gets out to vote tomorrow.

Because none of us want to wake up Wednesday morning and wish we had done
more. Right?

And years from today when your kids and grandkids asked what you did in 2016
when everything was on the line, you'll be able to say you voted for a stronger, fairer,
better America. An America where we build bridges, not walls. And where we prove
conclusively that, yes, love trumps hate!

Thank you! Let’s go vote, North Carolina! God bless you. Thank you all!

preven

Think about how generations of Americans throughout our history have come together to
Home eet the tests of their time.

Our parents, our grandparents, our great-grandparents defended democracy. They built

the great American middle class. They marched for civil rights and voting rights, for

workers’ rights and women’s rights, for LGBT rights, and the rights of people with

disabilities.

And tomorrow, we face the task of our time. So remember, it's not just my name or Donald

Trump's name on the ballot. It's the kind of country we want. It's every issue anyone cares

about.

So if you believe America thrives when the middle class thrives, then you have to vote

tomorrow.

If you believe we should make the biggest investments in new jobs since World War II, in

infrastructure, in advanced manufacturing, clean energy, small business, then you have

to vote.

If you believe we need more fairness in our economy, to raise the minimum wage,

because no one who works full-time should still be in poverty, then you have to vote.

If you believe we need to do more to support working families with affordable child care,

paid leave, and equal pay for women, then you have to vote.

And remember, when my opponent says every time | talk about these issues that I'm

playing the woman's card, well, you know what | say — deal me in!

And if you believe — if you believe all kids deserve good schools with good teachers no

matter what zip code they live, you have to vote.

And if you believe college should be more affordable, you have to vote.