2 0 0 8

R E P U B L I C A N
P L A T F O R M

This platform is respectfully dedicated to our

“…heroes proved
In liberating strife,
Who more than self their country loved
And mercy more than life.”
_______
America the Beautiful
Katharine Lee Bates

PAID FOR BY THE COMMITTEE ON ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE 2008 REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION
651-467-2008 • WWW.GOPCONVENTION2008.COM
NOT AUTHORIZED BY ANY CANDIDATE OR CANDIDATE’S COMMITTEE

Chairmen’s Preamble
This is a platform of enduring principle, not
This platform likewise rests on proven truths
passing convenience — the product of the most open
and tested wisdom as it looks ahead, both to deal
and transparent process in American political history.
with present challenges and to explore possibilities
We offer it to our fellow Americans in the assurance
that may sometimes seem beyond our grasp. It
that our Republican ideals are those that unify our
shows what the American people can accomplish
country: Courage in the face of foreign foes. An optiwhen government respects their rights, conserves
mistic patriotism, driven by a passion for freedom.
their resources, and calls upon their love of country.
Devotion to the inherent dignity and rights of every
It is not a tribute to bigger government.
person. Faith in the virtues of self-reliance, civic
Our platform is presented with enthusiasm and
commitment, and concern for one another. Distrust
confidence in a vision for the future, but also
of government’s interference
with genuine humility —
As
the
party
of
ideas,
rather
than
in people’s lives. Dedication
humility before God and
to a rule of law that both probefore a nation of free and
a mere coalition of interests,
tects and preserves liberty.
independent thinkers. As the
we
consider
vigorous
debate
We present this platform
party of ideas, rather than a
at an uncertain point in time.
mere coalition of interests,
a strength, not a weakness.
Our country remains at war
we consider vigorous debate
Indeed, we are a party — as we
and committed to victory, but
a strength, not a weakness.
are a nation — of mavericks.
reckless political forces would
Indeed, we are a party — as we
imperil that goal and endanare a nation —of mavericks.
ger our nation. In the econoYet we stand united
my and in society at large, it is
today because we are the one
a time of transformation. But the American people
party that speaks to all Americans — conservatives,
will meet these challenges. Even with its uncertainmoderates, libertarians, independents, and even libties, they embrace the future, but they are also too
erals. We welcome all to our deliberations in the firm
wise to rush headlong into it. We are an adventurbelief that the principles embodied in this platform
ous, risk-taking people, but we are not gamblers. A
will prove to be as compelling and persuasive as they
sound democracy trusts new leadership but insists
are vital and enduring. We do not fear disagreement,
that it demonstrate the old virtues: the character and
and we do not demand conformity, but we do fight
the command that, in times of conflict and crisis,
for our principles with confidence that the best ideas
have led the Republic through its trials.
will prevail in the end.



• i •

Our party embodies a uniquely American
spirit. It is the spirit of independent minds, the conviction that open and honest debate is essential to the
freedom we enjoy as Americans. This platform is a
testament to that freedom and stands as our promise
to future generations that we will do whatever it takes
to preserve it. It is grounded on our heartfelt belief
that our principles, our policies, and our vision will
lead our American family, not just through present
dangers, but to a horizon of prosperity and liberty
mankind has only begun to explore.

With gratitude for eight years of honorable
service from President George W. Bush and Dick
Cheney, the Republican Party now stands united
behind new leadership, an American patriot, John
McCain. In support of his candidacy and those of
our fellow Republicans across the nation — and ever
grateful to Almighty God for the political, religious,
and civil liberties we enjoy — we, the representatives
of the Republican Party in the states and territories
of the United States, offer this platform to the
American people.

• ii •

Table of Contents

Defending Our Nation,
Supporting Our Heroes, Securing the Peace
1
Reforming Government to Serve the People
15
Expanding Opportunity to Promote Prosperity
23
Energy Independence and Security
31
Environmental Protection
35
Health Care Reform: Putting Patients First
37
Education Means a More Competitive America
43
Protecting Our Families
47
Preserving Our Values
51

• iii •

• iv •

Defending Our Nation,
Supporting Our Heroes, Securing the Peace
Three decades ago, in a world as dangerous
Defending Our Nation
as today’s, Americans of all stripes came together
The Current Conflict Abroad
to advance the cause of freedom. They had witnessed the wreckage of inexperienced good intenAll Americans should affirm that our first oblitions at the highest levels of government,
gation is the security of our country. To all those who
the folly of an amateur foreign policy. And so, in
defend it, we owe our full support and gratitude.
defiance of a world-wide Marxist advance, they
The waging of war — and the achieving of
announced a goal as enduring as the vision of
peace — should never be micromanaged in a party
Isaiah, to “proclaim liberty to the captives,” and
platform, or on the floor of the Senate and House of
summed up America’s strategy for achieving that
Representatives for that matter. In dealing with presend in a timeless slogan:
ent conflicts and future crises,
Peace through strength — an
our next president must preFor seven years, the horror of
enduring peace, based on
serve all options. It would be
freedom and the will to
presumptuous to specify
September 11, 2001 has not been
defend it.
them in advance and foolrepeated on our soil. For that, we are
That goal still requires
hardy to rule out any action
prayerfully
grateful
and
salute
all
the unity of Americans
deemed necessary for our
beyond differences of party
security.
who have played a role in
and conflicts of personality.
defending our homeland.
Homeland Security
The rancor of past years
must now give way to a comWe acknowledge and
mon goal of security for our
appreciate the significant concountry and safety for our
tributions of all of America’s
people. For seven years, the horror of September 11,
First Responders, who keep us safe and secure and
2001 has not been repeated on our soil. For that, we
who are ever ready to come to our aid. The security
are prayerfully grateful and salute all who have
of our country is now everyone’s responsibility, from
played a role in defending our homeland. We
the Department of Homeland Security to state and
pledge to continue their vigilance and to assure they
local first responders, private businesses, and indihave the authority and resources they need to protect
vidual families. The fact that eighty percent of our
the nation.
critical infrastructure is in private hands highlights



• 1 •

the need for public-private partnerships to safeguard
it, especially in the energy industry.
Along with unrelenting vigilance to prevent
bioterrorism and other WMD-related attacks, we
must regularly exercise our ability to quickly respond
if one were to occur. We must continue to remove
barriers to cooperation and information sharing.
Modernized 9-1-1 services must be made universally
available and be adequately funded. We must be able
to thwart cyber attacks that could cripple our economy, monitor terrorist activities while respecting
Americans’ civil liberties, and protect against military and industrial espionage and sabotage. All this
requires experienced leadership.

Terrorism and Nuclear Proliferation
The attacks of September 11, 2001 were a pivot
point in our national experience. They highlighted
the failure of national policy to recognize and
respond to the growth of a global terror network.
They should have put an end to the Democrats’ naive
thinking that international terrorists could be dealt
with within the normal criminal justice system, but
that misconception persists.
The gravest threat we face — nuclear terrorism — demands a comprehensive strategy for reducing the world’s nuclear stockpiles and preventing
proliferation. The U.S. should lead that effort by
reducing the size of our nuclear arsenal to the lowest
number consistent with our security requirements
and working with other nuclear powers to do the
same. In cooperation with other nations, we should
end the production of weapons-grade fissile material, improve our collective ability to interdict the
spread of weapons of mass destruction and related
materials, and ensure the highest possible security

standards for existing nuclear materials wherever
they may be located.
But that is not enough. We must develop and
deploy both national and theater missile defenses to
protect the American homeland, our people, our
Armed Forces abroad, and our allies. Effective, layered missile defenses are critical to guard against the
unpredictable actions of rogue regimes and outlaw
states, reduce the possibility of strategic blackmail,
and avoid the disastrous consequences of an accidental or unauthorized launch by a foreign power.

Better Intelligence — the Key to Prevention
Intelligence is America’s first line of defense.
We must increase the ranks and resources of our
human intelligence capabilities, integrate technical
and human sources, and get that information more
quickly to the warfighter and the policy maker. The
multi-jurisdictional arrangements that now prevail
on Capitol Hill should be replaced by a single Joint
Committee on Intelligence.
Intelligence is Key to Fighting Bioterrorism and Cyberterrorism
Bioterrorism and cyberterrorism, once the stuff
of science fiction films, are immediate threats to our
nation’s health and safety. Our food and water distribution systems require special vigilance. By the
same token, a well-placed cyber-attack could cripple
our economy, shut down our energy and transportation systems, wreck our health care delivery systems,
and put millions of lives at risk. Although our country has thwarted new terrorist attacks since 2001,
those threats do persist. That is why our reform of the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was so vital,
and why the Democrats’ opposition to it was so
wrong.

• 2 •

hire are permitted to work. That means that the EVerify system—which is an internet-based system
Immigration policy is a national security issue,
that verifies the employment authorization and idenfor which we have one test: Does it serve the nationtity of employees—must be reauthorized. A phasedal interest? By that standard, Republicans know
in requirement that employers use the E-Verify sysAmerica can have a strong immigration system withtem must be enacted.
out sacrificing the rule of law.
The rule of law means guaranteeing to law
Enforcing the Rule of Law at the Border and Throughout the Nation
enforcement the tools and coordination to deport
Border security is essential to national security.
criminal aliens without delay — and correcting court
In an age of terrorism, drug cartels, and criminal
decisions that have made deportation so difficult. It
gangs, allowing millions of unidentified persons to
means enforcing the law against those who overstay
enter and remain in this country poses grave risks to
their visas, rather than letting millions flout the genthe sovereignty of the United
erosity that gave them tempoStates and the security of its
rary entry. It means imposing
In our multiethnic nation,
people. We simply must be
maximum penalties on those
everyone — immigrants and nativeable to track who is entering
who smuggle illegal aliens
and leaving our country.
into the U.S., both for their
born alike — must embrace our core
Our determination to
lawbreaking and for their
values of liberty, equality, meritocracy, cruel exploitation. It means
uphold the rule of law begins
with more effective enforcerequiring cooperation among
and respect for human dignity and
ment, giving our agents the
federal, state and local law
the rights of women.
tools and resources they need
enforcement and real conseto protect our sovereignty,
quences, including the denial
completing the border fence
of federal funds, for selfquickly and securing the bordescribed sanctuary cities,
ders, and employing complementary strategies to
which stand in open defiance of the federal and state
secure our ports of entry. Experience shows that
statutes that expressly prohibit such sanctuary polienforcement of existing laws is effective in reducing
cies, and which endanger the lives of U.S. citizens. It
and reversing illegal immigration.
does not mean driver’s licenses for illegal aliens, nor
Our commitment to the rule of law means
does it mean that states should be allowed to flout
smarter enforcement at the workplace, against illegal
the federal law barring them from giving in-state
workers and lawbreaking employers alike, along
tuition rates to illegal aliens, nor does it mean that
with those who practice identity theft and traffic in
illegal aliens should receive social security benefits,
fraudulent documents. As long as jobs are available
or other public benefits, except as provided by federin the United States, economic incentives to enter illeal law.
gally will persist. But we must empower employers
We oppose amnesty. The rule of law suffers if
so they can know with confidence that those they
government policies encourage or reward illegal

Immigration, National Security, and the Rule of Law



• 3 •

activity. The American people’s rejection of en masse
legalizations is especially appropriate given the federal government’s past failures to enforce the law.
Embracing Immigrant Communities
Today’s immigrants are walking in the steps of
most other Americans’ ancestors, seeking the
American dream and contributing culturally and
economically to our nation. We celebrate the industry and love of liberty of these fellow Americans.
Both government and the private sector must do
more to foster legally present immigrants’ integration into American life to advance respect for the rule
of law and a common American identity. It is a
national disgrace that the first experience most new
Americans have is with a dysfunctional immigration
bureaucracy defined by delay and confusion; we will
no longer tolerate those failures.
In our multiethnic nation, everyone — immigrants and native-born alike — must embrace our
core values of liberty, equality, meritocracy, and
respect for human dignity and the rights of women.
One sign of our unity is our English language.
For newcomers, it has always been the fastest route
to prosperity in America. English empowers. We
support English as the official language in our nation,
while welcoming the ethnic diversity in the United
States and the territories, including language.
Immigrants should be encouraged to learn English.
English is the accepted language of business, commerce, and legal proceedings, and it is essential as a
unifying cultural force. It is also important, as part of
cultural integration, that our schools provide better
education in U.S. history and civics for all children,
thereby fostering a commitment to our national
motto, E Pluribus Unum.
We are grateful to the thousands of new immi-

grants, many of them not yet citizens, who are serving in the Armed Forces. Their patriotism is inspiring; it should remind the institutions of civil society
of the need to embrace newcomers, assist their journey to full citizenship, and help their communities
avoid patterns of isolation.
Welcoming Refugees
Our country continues to accept refugees from
troubled lands all over the world. In some cases,
these are people who stood with America in dangerous times, and they have first call on our hospitality.
We oppose, however, the granting of refugee status
on the basis of lifestyle or other non-political factors

Supporting Our Heroes
Republican leadership, from the presidency to
the Congress, has given America the best-manned,
best-trained, best-equipped, and best-led military in
the world. That is a radical change from the late
1990’s, when national defense was neglected and
under-funded by the Clinton Administration. Our
Armed Forces today are modern, agile, and adaptable to the unpredictable range of challenges in the
years ahead. We pledge to keep them that way.

Providing for the Armed Forces
The men and women who wear our country’s
uniform — whether on active duty or in the Reserves
or National Guard — are the most important assets in
our military arsenal. They and their families must
have the pay, health care, housing, education, and
overall support they need. We must significantly
increase the size of our Armed Forces; crucial to that
goal will be retention of combat veterans.
Injured military personnel deserve the best
medical care our country has to offer. The special cir-

• 4 •

cumstances of the conflict in Iraq have resulted in an
unprecedented incidence of traumatic brain injury,
which calls for a new commitment of resources and
personnel for its care and treatment. We must make
military medicine the gold standard for advances in
prosthetics and the treatment of trauma and eye
injuries.
We must always remember those who have
given the ultimate sacrifice; their families must be
assured meaningful financial assistance. It is the
solemn duty we owe and honor we give to those who
bravely don the uniform of freedom.

tional military culture, and the incompatibility of
homosexuality with military service.

Fulfilling our Commitment to our Veterans
To military personnel who have served honorably and then retire or leave active duty, we owe a
smooth transition to civilian life. Funding for the programs that assist them should be sufficient, timely,
and predictable and never be subject to political
gamesmanship.

National Guard and Reserves
We pledge to maintain the strength of the
National Guard and Reserves and to ensure they
receive pay, benefits, and resources befitting their
service. Their historic role as citizen-soldiers is a
proud tradition linking every community with the
cause of national security. We affirm service members’ legal right to return to their civilian jobs,
whether in government or in the private sector, when
their active duty is completed, and we call for greater
transition assistance from employers across the
nation to smooth their return to the work force.

Economic Opportunity for Veterans
Returning veterans must have access to education benefits, job training, and a wide variety of
employment options. We want to build on the bipartisan expansion of the GI Bill by encouraging private
colleges to bridge the gap between GI Bill education
benefits and tuition costs. We will strongly enforce
the Uniformed Services Employment and
Reemployment Rights Act so that returning veterans
can promptly return to their former jobs. Our existing
“veteran preference” regulations must lead to real
action, not hollow promises. We encourage private
businesses to expand their outreach to the veterans
community, especially disabled veterans.

Personnel policies
The all-volunteer force has been a success. We
oppose reinstituting the draft, whether directly or
through compulsory national service. We support the
advancement of women in the military and their
exemption from ground combat units. Military priorities and mission must determine personnel policies.
Esprit and cohesion are necessary for military effectiveness and success on the battlefield. To protect our
servicemen and women and ensure that America’s
Armed Forces remain the best in the world, we affirm
the timelessness of those values, the benefits of tradi-

Veterans’ Health Care and Disability System
We will hold the VA accountable for tangible
results and steady improvement of its services. The
VA must become more responsive and more efficient
by eliminating its disability backlog and reducing
waiting times for treatment. To ensure that the VA
provides veterans with world class medical care,
both at its own facilities and through partnerships
with community providers, we must recruit the next
generation of highly qualified medical professionals.
Where distance or crowding is an obstacle to traditional VA facility-based care, our veterans should be
• 5 •

provided access to qualified out-of-network
providers. We call for greater attention by the VA to
the special health care needs of women veterans,
who will comprise an even larger percentage of VA
patients in the future.
The VA’s current disability compensation formulas need to be restructured and modernized.
Those who have borne the burden of war must have
access to training, rehabilitation, and education.
Their families and caregivers deserve our concern
and support.
We pledge special attention to combat stress
injuries. There must be adequate counseling when
veterans return home — for them and their families.
They should have ongoing professional care,
whether in a VA facility or closer to home, so that the
natural and usually temporary responses to the horrors of war do not become permanent conditions. We
recognize the need for more mental health professionals who can give the highest quality treatment to
our veterans.
We applaud the non-profit organizations which
assist veterans and their families materially and in
other ways. They represent the best of the American
spirit and merit our support.

Securing the Peace
The Republican vision of peace through
strength requires a sustained international effort,
which complements our military activities, to develop and maintain alliances and relationships that will
lead to greater peace and stability.

Promoting Human Rights and American Values

Procurement Reform

The international promotion of human rights
reflects our heritage, our values, and our national
interest. Societies that enjoy political and economic
freedom and the rule of law are not given to aggression or fanaticism. They become our natural allies.
Republican leadership has made religious liberty a central element of U.S. foreign policy. Asserting
religious freedom should be a priority in all
America’s international dealings. We salute the work
of the U.S. Commission on International Religious
Freedom and urge special training in religious liberty issues for all U.S. diplomatic personnel.
To be successful international leaders, we must
uphold international law, including the laws of war,
and update them when necessary. Our moral standing requires that we respect what are essentially
American principles of justice. In any war of ideas,
our values will triumph.

The military’s partners are the men and women
who work in the defense industry and civilian sector,
supplying the Armed Forces with weapons and
equipment vital to the success of their mission. To
ensure that our troops receive the best material at the
best value, we must reform the defense budgeting
and acquisition process to control costs and ensure
vigorous and fair competition. We will not allow congressional pork to take the place of sound, sustained
investment in the nation’s security.

State Department Reform
Advancing America’s values should be the core
mission of every part of the federal government,
including the Department of State. America’s diplomatic establishment must energetically represent our
country’s agenda to the world. We propose a thorough reform of its structure to ensure that promotions and appointments are based on performance in
supporting the nation’s agenda. Our diplomats must
be the best our country has to offer, and America’s
• 6 •

national organizations which can, at times, serve the
cause of peace and prosperity, but those organizations must never serve as a substitute for principled
Public Diplomacy
American leadership. Nor should our participation
Throughout the Cold War, our international
in them prevent our joining with other democracies
broadcasting of free and impartial information proto protect our vital national interests.
moted American values to combat tyranny. It still
At the United Nations, our country will pay a
does, through Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty and
fair, but not disproportionate, share of dues, but we
Radio/TV Marti, and it remains an important instruwill never support a UN-imposed tax. The UN must
ment in promoting a modernizing alternative to the
reform its scandal-ridden and corrupt management
culture of radical terror. Getting America’s message
and become more accountable and transparent in its
out to the world is a critical element in the struggle
operations and expenses. As a matter of U.S. soveragainst extremism, and our
eignty, American forces must
government must wage a
The principle underlying our
remain under American commuch more effective battle in
mand.
Megan’s Law — publicizing the
the war of ideas.
Discrimination against
identities of known human trafficking
Israel at the UN is unacceptHuman Trafficking
offenders
—
should
be
extended
to
able. We welcome Israel’s
Generations after the end
of slavery in America, new
international travel in order to protect membership in the Western
European and Others Group
forms of bondage have
innocent children everywhere.
at the UN headquarters and
emerged to exploit men,
demand its full acceptance
women and children. We
and participation at all UN
salute those across the political
venues. We likewise oppose
spectrum who have come
the ideological campaign against Vatican participatogether to end the commerce in our fellow human
tion in UN conferences and other activities.
beings. We advocate the establishment of an InterBecause the UN has no mandate to promote
Agency Task Force on Human Trafficking, reporting
radical social engineering, any effort to address globdirectly to the President, and call for increased diploal social problems must respect the fundamental
matic efforts with foreign governments that have
institutions of marriage and family. We assert the
been negligent toward this evil. The principle underrights of families in all international programs and
lying our Megan’s Law — publicizing the identities
will not fund organizations involved in abortion. We
of known offenders — should be extended to interstrongly support the long-held policy of the
national travel in order to protect innocent children
Republican Party known as the “Mexico City policy,”
everywhere.
which prohibits federal monies from being given to
Sovereign American Leadership in International Organizations
non-governmental organizations that provide abortions or actively promote abortion as a method of
The United States participates in various interdiplomatic abilities must be an integral part of
America’s national security system.



• 7 •

family planning in other countries. We reject any
treaty or agreement that would violate those values.
That includes the UN convention on women’s rights,
signed in the last months of the Carter
Administration, and the UN convention on the rights
of the child. For several reasons, particularly our concern for US sovereignty and America’s long-term
energy needs, we have deep reservations about the
regulatory, legal, and tax regimes inherent in the Law
of the Sea Treaty.
To shield the members of our Armed Forces and
others in service to America from ideological prosecutions, the Republican Party does not accept the
jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court
over Americans. We support the American
Servicemembers Protection Act, to shield U.S. personnel and officials as they act abroad to meet global
security requirements.

Helping Others Abroad
Americans are the most generous people in the
world. No nation spends more in combined public
and private efforts to combat disease and poverty
around the world, and no nation works harder to
ensure the continued vitality of the global economy.
Our reasons for doing so are both moral and practical, for a world where half of the human race lives on
a few dollars a day is neither just nor stable.
Including the world’s poor in an expanding circle of development is part and parcel of the
Republican approach to world trade through open
markets and fair competition. It must also be a top
priority of our foreign policy. Decades of massive aid
have failed to spur economic growth in the poorest
countries, where it has often propped up failed policies and corrupt rulers. We will target foreign assistance to high-impact goals: fostering the rule of law

through democratic government; emphasizing literacy and learning; and, concentrating on the foundations for economic development — clean water, agricultural improvement, and microcredit funding for
small enterprises. Maternal and child health, especially safer childbirthing and nutrition, must be priorities, especially in countries affected by epidemics
of HIV/AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis.
Further, we call for the development of a strategy for foreign assistance that serves our national
interest. Specifically we call for a review and
improvement of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961
oriented toward: alignment of foreign assistance
policies, operations, budgets and statutory authorities; development of a consensus on what needs to be
done to strengthen the non-military tools to further
our national security goals; greater attention to core
development programs — education, child survival,
and agricultural development; and greater accountability by recipient countries so as to ensure against
malfeasance, self-dealing, and corruption, and to
ensure continued assistance is conditioned on performance.

Strengthening Ties in the Americas
Faith and family, culture and commerce, are
enduring bonds among all the peoples of the
Americas. Republicans envision a western hemisphere of sovereign nations with secure borders,
working together to advance liberty and mutuallybeneficial trade based on sound and proven free
enterprise principles. Our relations with our immediate neighbors, Canada and Mexico, are grounded
on our shared values and common purpose, as well
as our steadily increasing trade. We pledge to continue this close association and to advance mutually
beneficial trade agreements throughout Latin
• 8 •

America, promoting economic development and
social stability there while opening markets to our
goods and services. Our strong ties with Canada and
Mexico should not lead to a North American union
or a unified currency.
Two factors distort this hemispheric progress.
One is narco-terrorism, with its ability to destabilize
societies and corrupt the political process. In an
era of porous borders, the war on drugs and the
war on terror have become a single enterprise.
We salute our allies in the fight against this evil, especially the people of Mexico and Colombia, who have
set an example for their neighbors. We support
approval of the free trade agreement with Colombia,
currently blocked by Capitol Hill Democrats and
their union boss supporters, as an overdue gesture of
solidarity for this courageous ally of the United
States.
The other malignant element in hemispheric
affairs is the anachronistic regime in Havana, a
mummified relic from the age of totalitarianism,
and its buffoonish imitators. We call on the nations
of Latin America and the Caribbean to join us in
laying the groundwork for a democratic Cuba.
Looking to the inevitable day of liberation, we
support restrictions on trade with, and travel to,
Cuba as a measure of solidarity with the political
prisoners and all the oppressed Cuban people.
We call for a dedicated platform for transmission
of Radio and Television Marti into Cuba and, to prepare for the day when Cuba is free, we support the
work of the Commission for Assistance to a Free
Cuba. We affirm the principles of the Cuban
Adjustment Act of 1966, recognizing the rights of
Cubans fleeing Communist tyranny, and support
efforts to admit more of them through a safe, legal,
orderly process.

Advancing Hope and Prosperity in Africa
The great promise of Africa has been dimmed
by disease, hunger, and violence. Republicans have
faced up to each of those challenges because, in addition to humanitarian concerns, the U.S. has important security interests in the stability and progress of
African nations. The devastating toll of HIV/AIDS
threatens to destabilize entire societies through large
numbers of orphaned youths. In response, the U.S.
has become the unrivaled leader in fighting the diseases that are the scourge of much of the continent.
Republican-sponsored legislation has brought jobs
and investment to sub-Saharan Africa. To continue
that progress, we advocate continued expansion of
trade with African nations.
Genocide must end. The horrendous suffering
of the people in the Darfur region of Sudan, as well
as less publicized human tragedies elsewhere, calls
for a far more energetic and determined response
from Africa’s elected leaders. The United States
stands ready to assist them with materiel, transportation, and humanitarian supplies. We will continue
America’s diplomatic efforts to secure a comprehensive and humane settlement for the people of the
southern and western Sudan.
The promise of democracy and freedom in
Africa is diminished by the government of
Zimbabwe, which has seized lands without compensation, debased the currency, murdered and tortured
its people, and so intimidated voters that free and fair
elections are impossible. We support sanctions
against this government, free elections, and the
restoration of civil government in Zimbabwe.

Partnerships across the Asia-Pacific Region
The U.S. is a Pacific nation, and our historic ties
to Asia will grow stronger in the years ahead.
• 9 •

Australia has stood shoulder to shoulder with us in
every major conflict. The ties between our peoples,
our economies, and our governments are extraordinary. We cherish our bonds with our Freely
Associated States in the Pacific Islands. Our longstanding alliance with Japan has been the foundation
for peace and prosperity in Asia, and we look for
Japan to forge a leadership role in regional and
global affairs. Another valued ally, the Republic of
Korea remains vigilant with us against the tyranny
and international ambitions of the maniacal state on
its border. The U.S. will not waver in its demand for
the complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of North Korea’s nuclear weapons programs,
with a full accounting of its proliferation activities.
We look toward the restoration of human rights to the
suffering people of North Korea and the fulfillment of
the wish of the Korean people to be one in peace and
freedom.
India
We welcome America’s new relationship with
India, including the U.S.-India Civil Nuclear
Accord. Our common security concerns and shared
commitment to political freedom and representative
government can be the foundation for an enduring
partnership.
Pakistan
We must expand our ties with the government
and the people of Pakistan. We support their efforts to
improve democratic governance and strengthen civil
society, and we appreciate the difficult but essential
role Pakistan plays in the fight against terror.
Taiwan
Our policy toward Taiwan, a sound democracy
and economic model for mainland China, must con-

tinue to be based upon the provisions of the Taiwan
Relations Act. We oppose any unilateral steps by
either side to alter the status quo in the Taiwan straits
on the principle that all issues regarding the island’s
future must be resolved peacefully, through dialogue, and be agreeable to the people of Taiwan. If
China were to violate these principles, the U.S., in
accord with the Taiwan Relations Act, will help
Taiwan defend itself. As a loyal friend of America,
the democracy of Taiwan has merited our strong support, including the timely sale of defensive arms and
full participation in the World Health Organization
and other multilateral institutions.
China
We will welcome the emergence of a peaceful
and prosperous China, and we will welcome even
more the development of a democratic China. Its
rulers have already discovered that economic freedom leads to national wealth; the next lesson is that
political and religious freedom leads to national
greatness. That is not likely to be learned while the
government in Beijing pursues advanced military
capabilities without any apparent need, imposes a
“one-child” policy on its people, suppresses basic
human rights in Tibet and elsewhere, and erodes
democracy in Hong Kong. China must honor its
obligations regarding free speech and a free press as
announced prior to the Olympics.
Our bilateral trade with China has created
export opportunities for American farmers and
workers, while both the requirements of the World
Trade Organization and the realities of the marketplace have increased openness and the rule of law in
China. We must yet ensure that China fulfills its
WTO obligations, especially those related to protecting intellectual property rights, elimination of subsi-

• 10 •

dies, and repeal of import restrictions. China’s full
integration into the global economy requires that it
adopt a flexible monetary exchange rate and allow
free movement of capital. China’s economic growth
brings with it the responsibility for environmental
improvement, both for its own people and for the
world community.

friendship with the United Kingdom, a relationship
that has led the forces of freedom for generations.
The enduring truth — that America’s security is
inseparable from Europe’s — was reaffirmed by our
European allies after September 11, 2001. NATO, the
most successful military alliance in history, has been
greatly strengthened by the addition of new members
in Central and Eastern Europe. We believe the door to
Vietnam
NATO membership should remain open to all demoOur relations with Vietnam have improved, but
cratic nations who share our values and meet the
two grave matters remain. The first is the need for
requirements for NATO membership. We strongly
unceasing efforts to obtain an accounting for, and
support NATO-endorsed efforts to deploy missile
repatriation of the remains of, Americans who gave
defenses to protect our European allies from the
their lives in the cause of freedom. The second is conthreat of Iranian missiles, and we appreciate the willtinued repression of human rights and religious freeingness of the governments of Poland and the Czech
dom, and the retribution by the government of
Republic to host these needed defensive systems. We
Vietnam against its ethnic
condemn
the
Russian
minorities and others who
The enduring truth —
Federation’s attempts to
assisted U.S. forces there. We
intimidate states, formerly
that America’s security is
owe them a debt of honor and
under Soviet domination, in
will do all we can to relieve
inseparable from Europe’s —
order to prevent their deploytheir suffering.
was reaffirmed by our European allies ing missile defenses. The
decision on this question is for
Burma
after September 11, 2001.
each sovereign nation to
We urge all the nations of
decide.
East Asia to join the worldWe support the ongoing
wide effort to restore the sufreconciliation
efforts in
fering people of Burma to the
Cyprus and Northern Ireland, including the appointdemocratic family of nations. The military dictatorment of a U.S. Special Envoy for Northern Ireland.
ship in Burma is among the worst on the planet. Its
We condemn the escalation of anti-Semitic violence,
savagery demands a strong response from the world
arson, and desecration in Europe and other areas of
community, including economic and financial sancthe world.
tions and isolation of the illegitimate regime.



Strengthening Our Relations with Europe

Russia

Our country’s ties to the peoples of Europe are
based on shared culture and values, common interests and goals. We particularly appreciate our close

Americans and the Russian people have common imperatives: ending terrorism, combating
nuclear proliferation, promoting bilateral trade, and

• 11 •

more. But matters of serious concern remain, particularly the Russian government’s treatment of the
press, opposition parties, and institutions of civil
society. It continues its aggressive confrontations
with its neighbors, from economic intimidation to
outright warfare, and has aligned with dangerous
anti-democratic forces in the Middle East. As a condition for its continued acceptance in world organizations, Russia must respect the independence and
territorial integrity of all the nations of the former
Soviet Union, beginning with the republic of
Georgia, and move toward a free and democratic
society.

The Middle East
The momentum of change in the Middle East
has been in the right direction. From Morocco to the
Gulf States, the overall trend has been toward cooperation and social and economic development, especially with regard to the rights of women. We
acknowledge the substantial assistance the U.S. has
received from most governments in the region in the
war on terror. Those countries that have made peace
with Israel, whether officially or in fact, deserve our
appreciation and assistance.
We urge the continued isolation of groups like
Hamas and Hezbollah because they do not meet the
standards of the international community. We call for
the restoration of Lebanon’s independence and sovereignty and the full implementation of all UN resolutions concerning that country.
The struggle in which we are engaged is ideological, not ethnic or religious. The extremists we
face are abusers of faith, not its champions. We
appreciate the loyalty of all Americans whose family
roots lie in the Middle East, and we gratefully

acknowledge the contributions of American Arabs
and Muslims, especially those in the Armed Forces
and the intelligence community.
Israel
Israel is a vigorous democracy, unique in the
Middle East. We reaffirm America’s commitment to
Israel’s security and will ensure that Israel maintains
a qualitative edge in military technology over any
potential adversaries. Israel must have secure, defensible borders and we support its right to exist as a
Jewish state able to defend itself against homicide
bombings, rocket and mortar fire, and other attacks
against its people. We support the vision of two democratic states living in peace and security: Israel, with
Jerusalem as its capital, and Palestine. For that to
become a reality, the Palestinian people must support
leaders who reject terror, embrace the institutions
and ethos of democracy, and respect the rule of law.
We call on Arab governments throughout the region
to help advance that goal. We support Jerusalem as
the undivided capital of Israel and moving the
American embassy to that undivided capital of
Israel.
The U.S. seeks a comprehensive and lasting
peace in the Middle East, negotiated between the
parties themselves, without the imposition of an artificial timetable, and without the demand that Israel
deal with entities which continue to pledge her
destruction. At the heart of any peace process must
be a mutual commitment to resolve all issues
through negotiation. Part of that process must be a
just, fair, and realistic framework for dealing with the
Palestinian refugee issue. Like all other elements in a
meaningful agreement, this matter can be settled
only on the basis of mutually agreed changes that
reflect today’s realities as well as tomorrow’s hopes.

• 12 •

Iraq

that America can succeed in Afghanistan only by failure in Iraq.

A stable, unified, and democratic Iraqi nation is
within reach. Our success in Iraq will deny al Qaeda
Iran
a safe haven, limit Iranian influence in the Middle
We express our respect for the people of Iran
East, strengthen moderate forces there, and give us a
who seek peace and aspire to freedom. Their current
strategic ally in the struggle against extremism. To
regime, aggressive and repressive, is unworthy of
those who have sacrificed so much, we owe the comthem. The Iranian people, many of whom risk permitment that American forces will leave that country
secution to speak out for democracy, have a right to
in victory and with honor. That outcome is too critichoose their own government.
cal to our own national security to be jeopardized by
As a rogue state, Iran’s leadership supports terartificial or politically inspired timetables that neither
ror, threatens its neighbors, and provides weapons
reflect conditions on the
that are killing our troops in
ground nor respect the essenIraq. We affirm, in the
Israel is a vigorous democracy,
tial advice of our military complainest words we can use,
manders. As the people of
unique in the Middle East. We
that the U.S. government, in
Iraq assume their rightful
reaffirm America’s commitment to
solidarity with the internaplace in the ranks of free and
tional community, will not
Israel’s security and will ensure that
open societies, we offer them a
allow the current regime in
continuing partnership.
Israel maintains a qualitative edge in
Tehran to develop nuclear
Afghanistan
weapons.
military technology over any
In the seven years since
We call for a significant
potential adversaries.
U.S. troops helped topple the
increase in political, economTaliban, there has been great
ic, and diplomatic pressure to
progress — but much remains
persuade Iran’s rulers to halt
to be done. We must prevail in
their drive for a nuclear
Afghanistan to prevent the reemergence of the
weapons capability, and we support tighter sanctions
Taliban or an al Qaeda sanctuary in that country. A
against Iran and the companies with business operanationwide counterinsurgency strategy led by a unitions in or with Iran. We oppose entering into a presfied commander is an essential prerequisite to sucidential-level, unconditional dialogue with the
cess. Additional forces are also necessary, both from
regime in Iran until it takes steps to improve its
NATO countries and through a doubling in size of
behavior, particularly with respect to support of terthe Afghan army. The international community must
rorism and suspension of its efforts to enrich uraniwork with the Afghan government to better address
um. At the same time, the U.S. must retain all options
the problems of illegal drugs, governance, and corin dealing with a situation that gravely threatens our
ruption. We flatly reject the Democratic Party’s idea
security, our interests, and the safety of our friends.



• 13 •

• 14 •

Reforming Government to Serve the People
The American people believe Washington is
practices it. The other party wants to ignore fiscal
broken … and for good reason. Short-term politics
problems while squandering billions on ineffective
overshadow the long-term interests of the nation.
programs; we are determined to end that waste.
Our national legislature uses a budget process
The entrenched culture of official Washington — an
devised long before the Internet and seems unable to
intrusive tax-and-spend liberalism — remains a fordeal in realistic ways with the most pressing probmidable foe, but we will confront and ultimately
lems of families, businesses, and communities.
defeat it.
Members of Congress have
Washington’s Failure: the
been indicted for violating the
Republicans will uphold and
Scope of the Problem
public trust. Public disgust
defend our party’s core principles:
with Washington is entirely
The federal government
Constrain the federal government to collects $2.7 trillion a year from
warranted.
Republicans will uphold
American families and busiits legitimate constitutional
and defend our party’s core
nesses. That’s $7.4 billion a
functions.
Unleash
the
power
of
principles: Constrain the federday. Even worse, it spends
al government to its legitimate
over $3 trillion a year: $8.2 bilenterprise, innovation, civic energy,
constitutional functions. Let it
lion a day. Why? Largely
and the American spirit — and
empower people, while limitbecause those who created this
never
pretend
that
government
is
a
ing its reach into their lives.
bloated government will not
Spend only what is necessary,
admit a single mistake or abolsubstitute for family or community.
and tax only to raise revenue
ish a single program. Here are
for essential government funcsome staggering examples of
tions. Unleash the power of
the overall problem:
enterprise, innovation, civic
•
Recent audits show that
energy, and the American spirit — and never pretend
22% of all federal programs are ineffective or
that government is a substitute for family or commuincapable of demonstrating results.
nity.
• 69 separate programs, administered by 10
The other party wants more government control
different agencies, provide education or care
over people’s lives and earnings; Republicans do not.
to children under the age of 5.
The other party wants to continue pork barrel
• Nine separate agencies administer 44 differpolitics; we are disgusted by it, no matter who
ent programs for job training.



• 15 •

• 23 separate programs, each with its own
overhead, provide housing assistance to the
elderly.
With so many redundant, inefficient, and ineffective
federal programs, it is no wonder that the American
people have so little confidence in Washington to act
effectively when federal action is really needed.

The Budget Process — A Fraud that
Guarantees Runaway Spending
For more than three decades — since enactment
of the Budget Act of 1974 by a Democrat-controlled
Congress — the federal government has operated
within a rigged system notable for its lack of transparency. The earlier approach — annual passage of
the appropriation bills, amended and voted up or
down, with the numbers there for all to see — had its
flaws and generated much red ink. But its replacement, the current budget process, only worsened the
money flow and came to rely on monstrous omnibus
spending bills. The results are adverse to all seeking
to limit government’s growth. For example:
• The budget process assumes every spending
project will be on the books forever, even if
the law says the spending will expire — but
it assumes tax relief will be temporary.
• It treats well-deserved tax cuts as a kind of
spending, so that letting Americans keep
more of their earnings is considered the
same as more spending on pork projects.
• It fails to recognize the positive impact that
lowering tax rates has on economic growth.
• In its deceptive and irresponsible accounting, an increase in a program’s funding is
actually a decrease if it is less than the rate of
inflation.

• Once a budget is produced under that system, the budget law itself limits the time
Congress can consider it before voting.
Moreover, the budget’s review process is a
sham. Of the $3 trillion spent annually, only onethird is reviewed each year during the budget and
appropriations process. The remaining $2 trillion
automatically goes to interest on the national debt or
entitlements. And because the budget process
assumes an automatic increase in spending, the
debate on the remaining one-third is only over how
much more spending to approve.
Finally, while government requires corporations
to budget for future pension and health care costs,
our government ignores those requirements. No
family or private sector business could keep its books
the way Washington keeps ours.

A Plan to Control Spending
Republicans will attack wasteful Washington
spending immediately. Current procedures should
be replaced with simplicity and transparency. For
example:
• We favor adoption of the Balanced Budget
Amendment to require a balanced federal
budget except in time of war.
• Earmarking must stop. To eliminate wasteful projects and pay-offs to special interests,
we will impose an immediate moratorium
on the earmarking system and reform the
appropriations process through full transparency. Tax dollars must be distributed on
the basis of clear national priorities, not a
politician’s seniority or party position.
• Government waste must be taken off autopilot. We call for a one-year pause in nondefense, non-veterans discretionary spend-

• 16 •

•
•

•

•

•

•

•

ing to force a critical, cost-benefit review of
all current programs.
We call for a constitutionally sound presidential line-item veto.
If billions are worth spending, they should
be spent in the light of day. We will insist
that, before either the House or Senate considers a spending bill, every item in it should
be presented in advance to the taxpayers on
the Internet.
Because the problem is too much spending,
not too few taxes, we support a supermajority requirement in both the House and
Senate to guard against tax hikes.
New authorizations should be offset by
reducing another program, and no appropriation should be permitted without a current
authorization.
Congressional ethics rules governing special
interests should apply across the board,
without the special exemptions now granted
to favored institutions.
We support the Government Shutdown
Protection Act to ensure the continuance of
essential federal functions when advocates of
pork threaten to shut down the government
unless their wasteful spending is accepted.
We will insist that the budget reasonably
plan for the long-term costs of pension and
health care programs and urge the conversion of such programs to defined contribution programs.

Empowering the States,
Improving Public Services
The long term solution for many of
Washington’s problems is structural. Congress must

respect the limits imposed upon it by the Tenth
Amendment: “The powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.”
We look to the model of Republican welfare
reform, which, since its enactment in 1996, has
accomplished a major transfer of resources and
responsibility from the federal government back to
the states — with an accompanying improvement in
the program itself. Applying that approach to other
programs will steer Congress back into line with the
Constitution, reversing both its intrusion into state
matters and its neglect of its central duties.
To aid in the fulfillment of those duties, we propose a National Sunset Commission to review all federal programs and recommend which of them should
be terminated due to redundancy, waste, or intrusion
into the American family. The Congress would then
be required by law to schedule one yea or nay vote
on the entire sunset list with no amendments.
Additionally, as important as returning power
to the states is returning power to the people. As the
Declaration of Independence states, our rights are
endowed to us by our Creator and are inalienable:
rights to life, liberty, and property. Government does
not confer these rights but is instituted by men to
protect the rights that man already possesses. The
Republican Party strongly affirms these rights and
demands that government respect them.

Congress Must Improve Oversight of
Government Programs
Congress has a fundamental duty to conduct
meaningful oversight on the effectiveness of government programs, not use every hearing as an opportunity for political grandstanding. To that end:

• 17 •

• We urge every congressional committee to
reserve at least one week every month to
conduct oversight of the nearly 1,700 separate grant and loan programs of the federal
government.
• To prevent conflicts of interest, a Truth in
Testimony mandate should require all committee witnesses to detail the amount of federal funding they and their employer currently receive and, in the case of associations,
how much federal money their members
would receive from the proposed legislation.
• Because official Washington does not even
know how much land it owns, we call for a
national audit of all federally-owned properties as a first step toward returning unnecessary properties to the American people or to
state and local government for public use.

Improving the Work of Government
Modern management of the federal government
is long overdue. The expected retirement over the
next ten years of more than 40 percent of the federal
workforce, and 60 percent of its managers, presents a
rare opportunity: a chance to gradually shrink the
size of government while using technology to
increase its effectiveness and reshape the way agencies do business.
Each agency must be able to pass a financial
audit and set annual targets for improving efficiency
with fewer resources. Civil service managers should
be given incentives for more effective leadership,
including protection against the current guilty-untilproven-innocent grievance procedures which disgruntled employees use against them to thwart
reform. Due process cannot excuse bad behavior.
We will provide Internet transparency in all fed-

eral contracting as a necessary step in combating cost
overruns. We will draw on the expertise of today’s
successful managers and entrepreneurs in the private
sector, like the “dollar-a-year” businesspeople who
answered their country’s call during the Second
World War, to build real-world competence and
accountability into government procurement and
operations.

Domestic Disaster Response
Americans hit by disaster must never again feel
abandoned by their government. The Katrina disaster taught a painful lesson: The federal government’s
system for responding to a natural calamity needs a
radical overhaul. We recognize the need for a natural disaster insurance policy.
State and local cooperation is crucial, as are private relief efforts, but Washington must take the lead
in forging a partnership with America’s best run businesses to ensure that FEMA’s Emergency Operations
Centers run as well as any Fortune 500 Company. We
must make it easier for both businesses and non-profits to act as force-multipliers in relief situations. We
believe it is critical to support those impacted by natural disasters and to complete the rebuilding of devastated areas, including the Gulf Coast.

Restoring Our Infrastructure
The American people can have safer roads and
bridges, better airports and more efficient harbors, as
long as we straighten out the government’s spending
priorities. The politics of pork distorts the allocation
of resources for modernizing the nation’s infrastructure. That can leave entire communities vulnerable
to natural disasters and deprive others of the
improvements necessary for economic growth and

• 18 •

job creation. We pledge a business-like, cost-effective
approach for infrastructure spending, always mindful of the special needs of both rural and urban communities.
We support a level of investment in the nation’s
transportation system that will promote a healthy
economy, sustain jobs, and keep America globally
competitive. We need to improve the system’s performance and capacity to deal with congestion, move
a massive amount of freight, reduce traffic fatalities,
and ensure mobility across both rural and urban
areas. We urgently need to preserve the highway,
transit, and air facilities built over the last century so
they can serve generations to come. At the same
time, we are committed to minimizing transportation’s impact on climate change, our local environments, and the nation’s energy use. Careful reforms
of environmental reviews and the permitting process
should speed projects to completion.
Safeguarding our transportation infrastructure is
critical to our homeland security. An integrated, flexible system — developed and sustained in partnership between state and local governments and the
federal government — must also share responsibilities with the private sector. We call for more prudent
stewardship of the nation’s Highway Trust Fund to
restore the program’s purchasing power and ensure
that it will meet the changing needs of a mobile
nation.

Social Security

Entitlement Reform

Judicial activism is a grave threat to the rule of
law because unaccountable federal judges are usurping democracy, ignoring the Constitution and its separation of powers, and imposing their personal opinions upon the public. This must stop.
We condemn the Supreme Court’s disregard of
homeowners’ property rights in its Kelo decision and

The job of modernizing Social Security,
Medicare, and Medicaid calls for bipartisanship, not
political posturing. Through the last four presidential terms, we have sought that cooperation, but it has
not been forthcoming. The public demands constructive action, and we will provide it.

We are committed to putting Social Security on a
sound fiscal basis. Our society faces a profound
demographic shift over the next twenty-five years,
from today’s ratio of 3.3 workers for every retiree to
only 2.1 workers by 2034. Under the current system,
younger workers will not be able to depend on Social
Security as part of their retirement plan. We believe
the solution should give workers control over, and a
fair return on, their contributions. No changes in the
system should adversely affect any current or nearretiree. Comprehensive reform should include the
opportunity to freely choose to create your own personal investment accounts which are distinct from
and supplemental to the overall Social Security system.

Medicare and Medicaid
As discussed in the health care section of this
document, we commit to revive Medicare by rewarding quality care, promoting competition, eliminating
waste, fraud, and abuse, and giving patients and
providers control over treatment options. We envision a new Medicaid partnership with the states,
improving public health through flexibility and innovation.

Appointing Constitutionalist Judges
for the Nation’s Courts

• 19 •

deplore the Court’s arbitrary extension of Americans’
judicial fiats that disenfranchised the American
habeas corpus rights to enemy combatants held
people.
abroad. We object to the Court’s unwarranted interNo qualified person should be denied the
ference in the administration of the death penalty in
opportunity to serve on the federal bench due to race,
this country for the benefit of savage criminals whose
ethnicity, religion or sex. In affirming Article VI of
guilt is not at issue. We lament that judges have
the Constitution — that no religious test shall ever be
denied the people their right to set abortion policies
required for any office — we insist that the Senate
in the states and are undermining traditional marshould never inquire into a nominee’s religious conriage laws from coast to coast. We are astounded that
victions and we condemn the opposition, by some
four justices of the Supreme Court believe that indimembers of the Democratic Party, to recent judicial
vidual Americans have no individual right to bear
nominees because of their ethnicity or religion.
arms to protect themselves and their families.
Protecting the Right to Vote in Fair Elections
Republicans will insist on the appointment of
Many members of the Armed Services will find
constitutionalist judges, men and women who will
it difficult to participate in this
not distort our founding docuyear’s elections because of the
ments to deny the people’s
Judicial activism is a grave threat
government’s reliance on outright to self-government, sancto the rule of law because
dated and inadequate voting,
tion federal powers that violate
unaccountable federal judges are
notification, and ballot delivery
our liberties, or inject foreign
systems. The mishandling and
law into American jurispruusurping democracy, ignoring the
delaying of registration forms
dence.
Constitution and its separation of
and absentee ballots disenfranWe oppose stealth nominations to the federal bench,
powers, and imposing their personal chises thousands of our servicemen and servicewomen.
and especially to the Supreme
opinions upon the public.
The Commander-in-Chief, the
Court, whose lack of a clear
Department of Defense, and
and distinguished record
state and local election officials
leaves doubt about their
must do more to protect the
respect for the Constitution or
voting rights of those on the front lines of freedom.
their intellectual fortitude. Nominees must have a
That means using expedited mail delivery to bring
record of fidelity to the U.S. Constitution and the rule
ballots to and from our troops abroad, including
of law.
those serving in areas of conflict, while completing
We reject the Democrats’ view that judicial nomwork on an electronic ballot delivery system that will
inees should guarantee particular results even before
enable our military personnel to receive and cast
the case is filed. Judges should not be politicians.
their ballots in a secure and convenient manner.
Jurists nominated by a Republican president will be
We oppose attempts to distort the electoral
thoughtful and open-minded, always prepared to
process by wholesale restoration of the franchise to
view past error in light of stare decisis, including



• 20 •

convicted felons, by makeshift or hurried naturalization procedures, or by discretionary ballot-reading
by election boards.
Preventing voting fraud is a civil rights issue.
We support the right of states to require an official
government-issued photo identification for voting
and call upon the Department of Justice to deploy its
resources to prevent ballot tampering in the
November elections. We support efforts by state and
local election officials to ensure integrity in the voting
process and to prevent voter fraud and abuse, particularly as it relates to voter registration and absentee
ballots.
The rights of citizenship do not stop at the ballot
box. They include the free-speech right to devote
one’s resources to whatever cause or candidate one
supports. We oppose any restrictions or conditions
upon those activities that would discourage
Americans from exercising their constitutional right
to enter the political fray or limit their commitment to
their ideals.

Guaranteeing a Constitutional Census in 2010
The integrity of the 2010 census, proportioning
congressional representation among the states, must
be preserved. The census should count every person
legally abiding in the United States in an actual enumeration. We urge all who are legally eligible to participate in the census count to do so; at the same time,
we urge Congress to specify — and to constitutionally justify — which census questions require a
response.

Working with Americans in the Territories
We appreciate the extraordinary sacrifices the
men and women of the territories are making to pro-

tect our freedom through their service in the U.S.
Armed Forces. We welcome greater participation in
all aspects of the political process by Americans
residing in Guam, the Virgin Islands, American
Samoa, the Northern Marianas, and Puerto Rico. We
affirm their right to seek the full extension of the
Constitution, with all the political rights and responsibilities it entails.
We recognize the valuable contributions made
by the people of the United States Virgin Islands to
the common welfare of the nation, including national defense, and their contributions to the federal
treasury in the form of federal excise taxes paid on
products produced in the territory.
We support the Native American Samoans’
efforts to protect their right to self-government and to
preserve their culture and land-tenure system, which
fosters self-reliance and strong extended-family values. We support increased local self-government for
the United States citizens of the Virgin Islands, and
closer cooperation between the local and federal governments to promote private sector-led development
and self-sufficiency. We recognize that Guam is a
strategically vital U.S. territory, an American fortress
in the western Pacific. We affirm our support for the
patriotic U.S. citizens of Guam and the
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands to
achieve greater self-government, an improved federal territorial relationship, new economic development strategies, a strong health care system that
meets their needs, and continued political self-determination. We support a review to determine the
appropriate eligibility of territories as well as states
for Supplemental Security Income and other federal
programs.
We support the right of the United States citizens of Puerto Rico to be admitted to the Union as a

• 21 •

fully sovereign state after they freely so determine.
We recognize that Congress has the final authority to
define the constitutionally valid options for Puerto
Rico to achieve a permanent non-territorial status
with government by consent and full enfranchisement. As long as Puerto Rico is not a state, however,
the will of its people regarding their political status
should be ascertained by means of a general right of
referendum or specific referenda sponsored by the
U.S. government.

Preserving the District of Columbia
The nation’s capital is a special responsibility of
the federal government. Yet some of the worst performing schools in the country are mere blocks from
the Department of Education, and some of the most
crime-ridden neighborhoods in the country are

blocks from the Department of Justice. Washington
should be made a model city. Two major Republican
initiatives — a first-time D.C. homebuyers credit and
a landmark school choice initiative — have pointed
the way toward a civic resurgence, and a third piece
of GOP legislation now guarantees young D.C. residents significant assistance in affording higher education. Because Washington’s buildings and monuments may be top targets of terrorist groups, the federal government must work closely with local officials to improve security without burdening local residents. We call on the District of Columbia city council to pass laws consistent with the Supreme Court’s
decision in the Heller case. We honor the contributions of the residents of the District of Columbia,
especially those who are serving honorably, or have
served, in our Armed Forces.

• 22 •

Expanding Opportunity to Promote Prosperity
America’s free economy has given our country
translates to more opportunity for more people. It
the world’s highest standard of living and allows us
represents the economics of inclusion, the path by
to share our prosperity with the rest of humanity. It is
which hopes become achievements. It is the way we
an engine of charity, empowering everything from
will reach our goal of enabling everyone to have a
Sabbath collection plate to great endowments. It crechance to own, invest, and build.
ates opportunity, rewards self-reliance and hard
Republican Tax Policy:
work, and unleashes productive energies that other
Protecting Hardworking Americans
societies can only imagine.
Today, our economy
The most important
Economic freedom expands
faces challenges due to
distinction between Repubhigh energy costs. Our
licans and the leadership of
the prosperity pie; government
task is to strengthen our
today’s Democratic Party
can only divide it up. That is why
economy
and
build
concerning taxes is not just
a greater degree of securithat we believe you should
Republicans advocate lower taxes,
ty — in availability of jobs,
keep more of what you
reasonable regulation, and smaller,
in accessibility of health
earn. That’s true, but there
smarter government. That agenda
care, in portability of penis a more fundamental dissions, and in affordability
tinction. It concerns the
translates to more opportunity
of energy. That is an urgent
purpose of taxation. We
for
more
people.
task because economic
believe government should
freedom — and the prostax only to raise money for
perity it makes possible —
its essential functions.
are not ends in themselves.
Today’s Democratic
They are means by which families and individuals
Party views the tax code as a tool for social engineercan maintain their independence from government,
ing. They use it to control our behavior, steer
raise their children by their own values, and build
our choices, and change the way we live our lives.
communities of self-reliant neighbors.
The Republican Party will put a stop to both
Economic freedom expands the prosperity pie;
social engineering and corporate handouts by simgovernment can only divide it up. That is why
plifying tax policy, eliminating special deals, and putRepublicans advocate lower taxes, reasonable regulating those saved dollars back into the taxpayers’
tion, and smaller, smarter government. That agenda
pockets.



• 23 •

The Republican Agenda:Using Tax Relief to Grow the Economy
Sound tax policy alone may not ensure economic success, but terrible tax policy does guarantee economic failure. Along with making the 2001 and 2003
tax cuts permanent so American families will not face
a large tax hike, Republicans will advance tax policies to support American families, promote savings
and innovation, and put us on a path to fundamental
tax reform.
Lower Taxes on Families and Individuals
• American families with children are the
hardest hit during any economic downturn.
Republicans will lower their tax burden by
doubling the exemption for dependents.
• New technology should not occasion more
taxation. We will permanently ban internet
access taxes and stop all new cell phone
taxes.
• For the sake of family farms and small businesses, we will continue our fight against the
federal death tax.
• The Alternative Minimum Tax, a stealth levy
on the middle-class that unduly targets large
families, must be repealed.
• Republicans support tax credits for health
care and medical expenses.
Keeping Good Jobs in America
America’s producers can compete successfully
in the international arena — as long as they have a
level playing field. Today’s tax code is tilted against
them, with one of the highest corporate tax rates of
all developed countries. That not only hurts
American investors, managers, and the U.S. balance
of trade; it also sends American jobs overseas. We
support a major reduction in the corporate tax rate so

that American companies stay competitive with their
foreign counterparts and American jobs can remain
in this country.
Promoting Savings through the Tax Code
We support a tax code that encourages personal
savings. High tax rates discourage thrift by penalizing the return on savings and should be replaced
with incentives to save. We support a plan to encourage employers to offer automatic enrollment in taxdeferred savings programs. The current limits on taxfree savings accounts should be removed.
Fundamental Tax Reform
Over the long run, the mammoth IRS tax code
must be replaced with a system that is simple, transparent, and fair while maximizing economic growth
and job creation. As a transition, we support giving
all taxpayers the option of filing under current rules
or under a two-rate flat tax with generous deductions
for families. This gradual approach is the taxpayers’
best hope of overcoming the lobbyist legions that
have thwarted past simplification efforts.
As a matter of principle, we oppose retroactive
taxation, and we condemn attempts by judges, at any
level of government, to seize the power of the purse
by ordering higher taxes.
Because of the vital role of religious organizations, charities and fraternal benevolent societies in
fostering charity and patriotism, they should not be
subject to taxation.
In any fundamental restructuring of federal taxation, to guard against the possibility of hypertaxation of the American people, any value added tax or
national sales tax must be tied to simultaneous repeal
of the Sixteenth Amendment, which established the
federal income tax.

• 24 •

The Democrats Plan to Raise Your Taxes

Small Business: the Engine of Job Growth

The last thing Americans need right now is tax
hikes. On the federal level, Republicans lowered
taxes in 2001 and 2003 in order to encourage economic growth, put more money in the pockets of
every taxpayer, and make the system fairer. It
worked. If Congress had then controlled its spending, we could have done even more.
Ever since those tax cuts were enacted, the
Democratic Party has been clear about its goals: It
wants to raise taxes by eliminating those Republican
tax reductions. The impact on American families
would be disastrous:
• Marginal tax rates would rise. This is in
addition to their proposal to target millions
of taxpayers with even higher rates.
• The “marriage penalty” would return for
two-earner couples.
• The child tax credit would fall to half its current value.
• Small businesses would lose their tax relief.
• The federal death tax would be enormously
increased.
• Investment income — the seed money for
new jobs — would be eaten away by higher
rates for dividend and capital gain income.
All that and more would amount to an annual
tax hike upwards of $250 billion — almost $700 per
taxpayer every year, for a total of $1.1 trillion in additional taxes over the next decade. That is what
today’s Democratic Party calls “tax fairness.” We call
it an unconscionable assault on the paychecks and
pocketbooks of every hard-working American
household. Their promises to aim their tax hikes at
families with high incomes is a smokescreen; history
shows that when Democrats want more money, they
raise taxes on everyone.

We proudly call ourselves the party of small
business because small businesses are where national prosperity begins. Small businesses such as Main
Street retailers, entrepreneurs, independent contractors, and direct sellers create most of the country’s
new jobs and have been the primary means of economic advancement by women and minorities.
Eight years ago, when Democrats controlled the
Executive Branch, small business faced a hostile regulatory agenda, from OSHA’s ergonomics standards
and attempts to intrude into the homes of telecommuting employees to IRS discrimination against
independent contractors. Republicans turned back
those threats, along with much of the onerous taxation that limited the growth of small businesses. We
reduced their marginal tax rates, quadrupled the
limit on their expensing of investments, and phased
out the death tax on family owned small businesses
and family farms. We enacted Health Savings
Accounts to help small business owners secure
health insurance for themselves and their employees.
All those gains are jeopardized if Democrats gain
unfettered power once again.
Republicans will advance a multi-pronged plan
to support small business and grow good-paying
jobs:
• Through the energy agenda laid out elsewhere in this platform, we will attack the rise
in energy costs that is making it so difficult
for entrepreneurs to compete.
• Our tax reduction and tax simplification
agenda will allow businesses to focus on
producing and selling their products and
services — not on paying taxes.
• Our plan to return control of health care to
patients and providers will benefit small

• 25 •

business employers and employees alike.
• Our determination to vigorously open foreign markets to American products is an
opportunity for many small businesses to
grow larger in the global economy.
• Our approach to regulation — basing it on
sound science to achieve goals that are technically feasible — will protect against jobkilling intrusions into small businesses.
• Our commitment to legal reform means protecting small businesses from the effects of
frivolous lawsuits.
Using history as our guide, we look to innovative entrepreneurs for the ingenuity and daring that
can give us the next generation of technological
progress. The advances our country needs, in everything from health care to energy to environmental
protection, are most likely to come from the men and
women of small business.

Technology and Innovation
American innovation has twin engines: technology and small business, employing over half the private-sector work force. The synergy of our technology and small business drove a world-wide economic
transformation of the last quarter-century. To maintain our global leadership, we need to encourage
innovators by reforming and making permanent the
Research and Development Tax Credit as part of the
overall agenda outlined in this platform.
Innovation is our future — in our approach to
energy, to education, to health care, and especially to
government. As a symbol of that commitment, we
share the vision of returning Americans to the moon
as a step toward a mission to Mars. In advancing our
country’s space and aeronautics program, NASA will
remain one of the world’s most important pioneers in

technology, and from its explorations can come
tremendous benefits for mankind.

Developing a Flexible and
Innovative Workforce
To master the global economy, our work force
must be creative, independent, and able to adapt to
rapid change. That challenge calls for better education and training and new approaches to employeremployee relations. It means investing in people, not
institutions.

The Failed Model of Employer-Employee Relations
The Democrats’ approach to employment policy
is a retreat to failed models of the past: new regulatory burdens on employers that make it more difficult for businesses, big and small, to hire and keep
employees. That failed model empowers union bosses at the expense of their members, trial lawyers at
the expense of small businesses, and government
bureaucrats at the expense of employer-employee
partnerships. Its goal is not to create jobs but to control the workplace and the work force.

The Republican Model:Investing in People
Republicans believe that the employer-employee relationship of the future will be built upon
employee empowerment and workplace flexibility.
• The Industrial Revolution treated people like
machines; today’s economy must treat them
as individuals. We recognize that work
schedules should be more flexible when
employers and employees are not negatively
affected such as removing outdated distinctions between full time and part time, clockpunching and overtime. The federal government should set an example in that regard.

• 26 •

addressing economic dislocations by modernizing its
• The workplace must catch up with the way
re-training and unemployment assistance programs.
Americans live now. For increasing numbers
We must make these programs actually anticipate
of workers, especially those with children,
dislocations so that affected
the choice of working
workers can get new skills
from home will be good
The recent attempt by
quickly and return to the
for families, profitable
workforce. We advocate a
for business, and energy
congressional Democrats to deny
seamless approach to helping
efficient.
workers a secret ballot in union
employees stay on the job and
• All workers should
referenda
is
an
assault,
not
only
advance through education.
have portability in their
Workers should be able to
pension plans and their
against a fundamental principle of
direct a portion of their unemhealth insurance, giving
labor law, but even more against
ployment insurance into a taxthem greater job mobilithe
dignity
and
honor
of
the
free Lost Earnings Buffer
ty, financial independAccount that could be used for
ence, and security.
American work force.
retraining or relocation. With
• Global competitiveness
financial incentives to return to
will increasingly require
work as soon as possible, this
an entrepreneurial culapproach will also require
ture of cooperation and team work. Making
strengthening community colleges and making them
the best talent part of our team is the rationmore accessible through Flexible Training Accounts.
ale for the H-1B visa program, which needs
updating to reflect our need for more leaders
Protecting Union Workers
in science and technology while we take the
necessary steps to create more of them in our
We affirm both the right of individuals to volunown school systems. By complementing the
tarily participate in labor organizations and bargain
U.S. work force with needed specialists from
collectively and the right of states to enact Right-toabroad, we can make sure American compaWork laws. But the nation’s labor laws, to a large
nies and their jobs remain here at home.
extent formed out of conflicts several generations ago,
Businesses and employees, working together, are
should be modernized to make it easier for employers
best suited to addressing the challenges ahead.
and employees to plan, execute, and profit together.
Empowering official Washington and the trial bar, as
To protect workers from misuse of their funds, we will
Democrats prefer, will only lead to more antagonistic
conscientiously enforce federal law requiring financial
relations.
reporting and transparency by labor unions. We
advocate paycheck protection laws to guard the
Individual-Based Unemployment Insurance and Training
integrity of the political process and the security of
Government can play an important role in
workers’ earnings.



• 27 •

Stopping the Assault on the Secret Ballot
The recent attempt by congressional Democrats
to deny workers a secret ballot in union referenda is
an assault, not only against a fundamental principle
of labor law, but even more against the dignity and
honor of the American work force. We oppose “card
check” legislation, which deprives workers of their
privacy and their right to vote, because it exposes
workers to intimidation by union organizers.

with low interest rates. Because affordable housing is
in the national interest, any simplified tax system
should continue to encourage homeownership, recognizing the tremendous social value that the home
mortgage interest deduction has had for decades. In
addition, sound housing policy should recognize the
needs of renters so that apartments and multi-family
homes remain important components of the housing
stock.

Rebuilding Homeownership

Reforming the Civil Justice System to
Improve Competitiveness

Homeownership remains key to creating an
opportunity society. We support timely and carefully targeted aid to those hurt by the housing crisis so
that affected individuals can have a chance to trade a
burdensome mortgage for a manageable loan that
reflects their home’s market value. At the same time,
government action must not implicitly encourage
anyone to borrow more than they can afford to repay.
We support energetic federal investigation and,
where appropriate, prosecution of criminal wrongdoing in the mortgage industry and investment sector. We do not support government bailouts of private institutions. Government interference in the
markets exacerbates problems in the marketplace
and causes the free market to take longer to correct
itself. We believe in the free market as the best tool to
sustained prosperity and opportunity for all. We
encourage potential buyers to work in concert with
the lending community to educate themselves about
the responsibilities of purchasing a home, condo, or
land.
Republican policy aims to make owning a home
more accessible through enforcement of open housing laws, voucher programs, urban homesteading
and — what is most important — a strong economy

The rule of law demands that injured parties
have access to the forums to vindicate their rights,
but the rule of law does not mean the rule of
lawyers — especially trial lawyers who manipulate
the system to enrich themselves rather than protecting consumers, workers, or taxpayers. While no one
should be denied access to the courts, the rule of
lawyers threatens our global competitiveness, denies
Americans access to the quality of justice they
deserve, and puts every small business one lawsuit
away from bankruptcy.
The Republican approach to eliminate frivolous
lawsuits has advanced in Congress through efforts
like the Class Action Fairness Act and in many states
through the adoption of medical liability reforms,
which we will continue to pursue on the federal and
state level. But because their Democratic donees currently control Congress, the trial lawyers are on the
offensive. They are trying to undermine federal
health and safety regulations by allowing trial
lawyers at the state level to preempt the reasoned
judgments of independent experts. They seek to
weaken lower-cost dispute resolution alternatives
such as mediation and arbitration in order to put
more cases into court. In bill after bill, their congres-

• 28 •

sional allies insert new private causes of action —
trial lawyer ear-marks — designed to drag more
Americans into court.
Our repeated warnings about the corruption at
the heart of the trial bar have been vindicated by
high-profile criminal convictions and prison terms
for some of the nation’s leading class action and personal injury trial lawyers. All plaintiffs, especially
those who must hire personal injury lawyers on a
contingency basis, should be protected against abuse
by their attorneys, and the attorney-client privilege
should be defended as a bulwark in the defense of
liberty.

Free and Fair Trade
Greater international trade, aggressively
advanced on a truly level playing field, will mean
more American jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of living. It is also a matter of national security
and an instrument to promote democracy and civil
society in developing nations.
With 95 percent of the world’s customers outside our borders, we need to be at the table when
trade rules are written to make sure that free trade is
indeed a two-way street. We encourage multilateral,
regional, and bilateral agreements to reduce trade
barriers that limit market access for U.S. products,
commodities and services. To achieve that goal,
Congress should reinstate the trade promotion
authority every president should have in dealing
with foreign governments. Trade agreements that
have already been signed and are pending before
Congress should be debated and voted on immediately.
An aggressive trade strategy is especially
important with regard to agriculture. Our farm economy produces for the world; its prosperity depends,

more than ever before, on open markets. U.S. agricultural exports will top $100 billion this year. We
will contest any restrictions upon our farm products
within the World Trade Organization and will work
to make the WTO’s decision-making process more
receptive to the arguments of American producers.
We pledge stronger action to protect intellectual
property rights against pirating and will aggressively oppose the direct and indirect subsidies by which
some governments tilt the world playing field
against American producers. To protect American
consumers, we call for greater vigilance and more
resources to guard against the importation of tainted
food, poisonous products, and dangerous toys.
Additionally, we recognize the need to support
our growth in trade through appropriate development and support of our ports in order to ensure safe,
efficient and timely handling of all goods.

Supporting our Agricultural Communities
Farming communities have been hard hit this
year by flood and violent weather, as well as the escalation of fuel costs. Especially under those circumstances, federal agricultural aid should go to those
who need it most as part of a sensible economic safety-net for farmers. We advocate the creation of Farm
Savings Accounts to help growers manage risks
brought on by turbulence in global markets and
nature itself. Mindful that 98 percent of the 2 million
farms in this country are owned by individuals or
family farming partnerships, we affirm our fight
against the death tax.
Those who live on and work the land are our
finest environmental stewards. They understand,
better than most, the need for safe water, clean air,
and conservation of open space. We oppose attempts
to hamper agricultural production with heavy-hand-

• 29 •

ed mandates, including any expansion of the Clean
Water Act to regulate ditches, culverts, converted
cropland, and farm and stock ponds. We reaffirm traditional state supremacy over water allocations and
will continue to make available renewable rangeland
under sound environmental conditions. We support
greater investment in conservation incentive programs to help rural communities improve and sustain
environmental quality. Agricultural policy should be
formulated by giving careful consideration to the

expert opinions of those most knowledgeable on the
topic — the farmers and ranchers.
To meet surging global demand for food and
biofuel, farmers must have the technology to grow
higher yields using fewer inputs. The USDA must
remain the international leader in agricultural
research to ensure that America and the world will
never have to choose between food and fuel. The
U.S. government should end mandates for ethanol
and let the free market work.

• 30 •

Energy Independence and Security
All Americans are acutely aware of the energy
energy sources that are diverse, reliable, and cleaner.
crisis our nation faces. Energy costs are spiraling
We can strengthen our national security, create a
upward, food prices continue to rise, and as a
pathway to growing prosperity, and preserve our
result, our entire economy suffers. This winter, famenvironment. The American people will rise to this
ilies will spend for heat what they could have
challenge.
saved for college, and small businesses will spend for
Growing Our Energy Supply
fuel what could have covered employee health
We must aggressively increase our nation’s enerinsurance.
gy supply, in an environmentally responsible way,
Our current dependence on foreign fossil fuels
and do so through a comprethreatens both our national
hensive strategy that meets
security and our economy and
In
the
long
run,
American
both short and long term
could also force drastic changes
needs. No amount of wishing
in the way we live. The ongoing
production should move to zeroor hoping can suspend the
transfer of Americans’ wealth to
emission sources, and our nation’s
laws of supply and demand.
OPEC — roughly $700 billion a
fossil fuel resources are the bridge
Leading economists agree that
year — helps underwrite terrorany actions that will increase
ists’ operations and creates little
to that emissions-free future.
future energy supplies will
incentive for repressive regimes
lead to lower energy prices
to accept democracy, whether in
today. Increasing our producthe Middle East or Latin
tion of American made energy
America.
and reducing our excessive reliance on foreign
It didn’t have to be this way, and it must not stay
oil will:
this way. Our nation must have a robust energy
• Bring down the high cost of gasoline and
supply because energy drives prosperity and increasdiesel fuel.
es opportunity for every American. We reject the
• Create more jobs for American workers.
idea that America cannot overcome its energy
• Enhance our national security.
challenges — or that high gasoline prices are okay, as
In the long run, American production should
long as they are phased in gradually. We reject halfmove to zero-emission sources, and our nation’s fosmeasures and believe “No, we can’t” is not a viable
sil fuel resources are the bridge to that emissions-free
energy policy.
future.
Together we can build a future around domestic



• 31 •

Growing American Energy Production
If we are to have the resources we need to
achieve energy independence, we simply must draw
more American oil from American soil. We support
accelerated exploration, drilling and development in
America, from new oilfields off the nation’s coasts to
onshore fields such as those in Montana, North
Dakota, and Alaska. The Green River Basin in
Colorado, Utah, and Wyoming offers recoverable
shale oil that is ready for development, and most of it
is on federal lands.
To deliver that energy to American consumers,
we will expand our refining capacity. Because of
environmental extremism and regulatory blockades
in Washington, not a single new refinery has been
built in this country in 30 years. We will encourage
refinery construction and modernization and, with
sensitivity to environmental concerns, an expedited
permitting process.
Any legislation to increase domestic exploration, drilling and production must minimize any
protracted legal challenges that could unreasonably
delay or even preclude actual production. We
oppose any efforts that would permanently block
access to the coastal plain of the Arctic National
Wildlife Refuge.

Nuclear Power:the Earth’s Clean Future
Nuclear energy is the most reliable zero-carbonemissions source of energy that we have.
Unwarranted fear mongering with no relationship to
current technologies and safeguards has prevented us
from starting construction of a single nuclear power
plant in 31 years. Meanwhile, the U.S. Navy has for
decades relied upon nuclear-powered vessels, and
other nations have harnessed nuclear power to pro-

vide a major portion of their energy consumption.
There is no reason why the United States cannot
catch up and do the same. Confident in the promise
offered by science and technology, Republicans will
pursue dramatic increases in the use of all forms of
safe, affordable, reliable — and clean — nuclear
power.
As new plants are constructed using the highest
safety and operation standards, the nation’s industrial and manufacturing base will be rejuvenated. The
labor force will expand, with nearly 15,000 high quality jobs created for every new nuclear plant built —
and those workers will lead the nation away from its
dependence on foreign oil.

Solar,Wind, Geothermal, Hydropower
Alternate power sources must enter the mainstream. The technology behind solar energy has
improved significantly in recent years, and the commercial development of wind power promises
major benefits both in costs and in environmental protection. Republicans support these and
other alternative energy sources, including geothermal and hydropower, and anticipate technological
developments that will increase their economic viability. We therefore advocate a long-term energy tax
credit equally applicable to all renewable power
sources.
Republicans support measures to modernize
the nation’s electricity grid to provide American
consumers and businesses with more affordable,
reliable power. We will work to unleash innovation
so entrepreneurs can develop technologies for a
more advanced and robust United States transmission system that meets our growing energy
demands.

• 32 •

Clean Coal

Reducing Demand for Fossil Fuels

Although alternate fuels will shape our energy
While we grow our supplies, we must also
future, coal — America’s most affordable and abunreduce our demand — not by changing our lifestyles
dant energy resource and the source of most of our
but by putting the free market to work and taking
electricity — remains a strategic national resource
advantage of technological breakthroughs.
that must play a major role in energy independence.
Increase Conservation through Greater Efficiency
We look to innovative technology to transform
Conservation does not mean deprivation; it
America’s coal supplies into clean fuels capable of
means efficiency and achieving more with less. Most
powering motor vehicles and aircraft. We support
Americans today endeavor to conserve fossil fuels,
coal-to-liquid and gasification initiatives, just as we
whether in their cars or in their home heating, but we
support investment in the development and deploycan do better. We can construct better and smarter
ment of carbon capture and storage technologies,
buildings, use smarter thermowhich can reduce emissions.
stats and transmission grids,
We firmly oppose efforts by
The Republican goal is to ensure
increase recycling, and make
Democrats to block the conthat Americans have more
energy-efficient consumer purstruction of new coal-fired
conservation
options
that
will
chases. Wireless communicapower plants. No strategy for
tions, for example, can increase
reducing energy costs will be
enable them to make the best
telecommuting options and cut
viable without a commitment
choices for their families.
back on business travel. The
to continued coal production
Republican goal is to ensure
and utilization.
that Americans have more conNatural Gas
servation options that will
Natural gas is plentiful in North America, but
enable them to make the best choices for their famiwe can extract more and do a better job of distributlies.
ing it nationwide to cook our food, heat our homes,
New Technologies for Cars and Other Vehicles
and serve as a growing option as a transportation
We must continue to develop alternative fuels,
fuel. Both independently and in cooperation with
such
as biofuels, especially cellulosic ethanol, and
alternative fuels, natural gas will be an essential part
hasten their technological advances to next-generaof any long-term energy solution. We must ensure it
tion production. As America develops energy techgets to consumers safely and quickly.
nology for the 21st century, policy makers must conEnergy Cooperation
sider the burden that rising food prices and energy
We embrace the open energy cooperation and
costs create for the poor and developing nations
trading relationship with our neighbors Canada and
around the world. Because alternative fuels are useMexico, including proven oil reserves and vast,
less if vehicles cannot use them, we must move
untapped Canadian hydroelectric generation.
quickly to flexible fuel vehicles; we cannot expect



• 33 •

necessary investments in alternative fuels if this flexibility does not become standard. We must also produce more vehicles that operate on electricity and
natural gas, both to reduce demand for oil and to cut
CO2 emissions.
Given that fully 97 percent of our current transportation vehicles rely on oil, we will aggressively

support technological advances to reduce our
petroleum dependence. For example, lightweight composites could halve the weight and
double the gas mileage of cars and trucks, and
together with flex-fuel and electric vehicles, could
usher in a renaissance in the American auto
industry.

• 34 •

Environmental Protection
excess greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere, increase
energy efficiency, mitigate the impact of climate
change where it occurs, and maximize any ancillary
benefits climate change might offer for the economy.
To reduce emissions in the short run, we will
rely upon the power of new technologies, as disAddressing Climate Change Responsibly
cussed above, especially zero-emission energy
The same human ecosources such as nuclear and
By
balancing
environmental
goals
nomic activity that has
other alternate power sources.
brought freedom and opporBut innovation must not be
with economic growth and job
tunity to billions has also
hamstrung by Washington
creation, our diverse economy has
increased the amount of carbickering, regulatory briar
made possible the investment needed patches, or obstructionist lawbon in the atmosphere.
While the scope and longsuits. Empowering Washington
to safeguard natural resources,
term consequences of this
will only lead to unintended
protect endangered species, and
are the subject of ongoing
consequences and unimagined
scientific research, common
economic and environmental
create healthier living conditions.
sense dictates that the
pain; instead, we must unleash
United States should take
the power of scientific knowmeasured and reasonable
how and competitive markets.
steps today to reduce any impact on the environInternational Cooperation
ment. Those steps, if consistent with our global competitiveness will also be good for our national securiBecause the issue of climate change is global, it
ty, our energy independence, and our economy. Any
must become a truly global concern as well. All develpolicies should be global in nature, based on sound
oped and developing economies, particularly India
science and technology, and should not harm the
and China, can make significant contributions in dealeconomy.
ing with the matter. It would be unrealistic and counterproductive to expect the U.S. to carry burdens
The Solution: Technology and the Market
which are more appropriately shared by all.
As part of a global climate change strategy,
Using Cash Rewards to Encourage Innovation
Republicans support technology-driven, marketbased solutions that will decrease emissions, reduce
Because Republicans believe that solutions to
By increasing our American energy supply and
decreasing the long term demand for oil, we will be
well positioned to address the challenge of climate
change and continue our longstanding responsibility
for stewardship over the environment.



• 35 •

the risk of global climate change will be found in the
ingenuity of the American people, we propose a
Climate Prize for scientists who solve the challenges
of climate change. Honoraria of many millions of
dollars would be a small price for technological
developments that eliminate our need for gas-powered cars or abate atmospheric carbon.

Doing No Harm
Republicans caution against the doomsday climate change scenarios peddled by the aficionados of
centralized command-and-control government. We
can — and should — address the risk of climate
change based on sound science without succumbing
to the no-growth radicalism that treats climate questions as dogma rather than as situations to be managed responsibly.
A robust economy will be essential to dealing
with the risk of climate change, and we will insist on
reasonable policies that do not force Americans to
sacrifice their way of life or trim their hopes and
dreams for their children. This perspective serves
not only the people of the United States but also the
world’s poorest peoples, who would suffer terribly if
climate change is severe — just as they would if the
world economy itself were to be crippled. We must
not allow either outcome.

Continuing Our Stewardship over
the Environment
The Republican perspective on the environment
is in keeping with our longstanding appreciation for
nature and gratitude for the bounty the Almighty has
bestowed upon the American people. It was
Republican President Theodore Roosevelt who said,
“The conservation of natural resources is the fundamental problem. Unless we solve that problem, it will
avail us little to solve all others.” We agree. Whether

through family vacations, hunting or fishing trips,
backpacking excursions, or weekend hikes,
Americans of all backgrounds share a commitment to
protecting the environment and the opportunities it
offers. In addition, the public should have access to
public lands for recreational activities such as hunting, hiking, and fishing.
In caring for the land and water, private ownership has been the best guarantee of conscientious
stewardship, while the world’s worst instances of
environmental degradation have occurred under governmental control. By the same token, it is no accident
that the most economically advanced countries also
have the strongest environmental protections.
Our national progress toward cleaner air and
water has been a major accomplishment of the
American people. By balancing environmental goals
with economic growth and job creation, our diverse
economy has made possible the investment needed
to safeguard natural resources, protect endangered
species, and create healthier living conditions. State
and local initiatives to clean up contaminated sites —
brownfields — have exceeded efforts directed by
Washington. That progress can continue if grounded
in sound science, long-term planning, and a multiuse approach to resources.
Government at all levels should protect private
property rights by cooperating with landowners’
efforts and providing incentives to protect fragile
environments, endangered species, and maintain the
natural beauty of America. Republican leadership
has led to the rejuvenation and renewal of our
National Park system. Future expansion of that system, as well as designation of National Wilderness
areas or Historic Districts, should be undertaken only
with the active participation and consent of relevant
state and local governments and private property
owners.

• 36 •

Health Care Reform: Putting Patients First
Americans have the best doctors, the best hospipetitive in the global marketplace because of
tals, the most innovative medical technology, and the
insurance costs.
best scientists in the world. Our challenge and
• Some federal programs with no benefit to
opportunity is to build around them the best health
patients have grown exponentially, adding
care system. Republicans believe the key to real
layers of bureaucracy between patients and
reform is to give control of the health care system to
their care.
patients and their health care providers, not bureauIt is not enough to offer only increased access to a syscrats in government or business.
tem that costs too much and does not work for milThere are reasons why American families and
lions of Americans. The Republican goal is more
businesses are dissatisfied with the current state of
ambitious: Better health care for lower cost.
health care:
First Principle: Do No Harm
• Most Americans work longer and harder to
How do we ensure that all Americans have the
pay for health care.
peace of mind that comes from owning high-quality,
• Dedicated health care providers are changing
comprehensive health covercareers to avoid litigaage? The first rule of public poltion.
It is not enough to offer only
icy is the same as with medi• The need to hold onto
increased access to a system that
cine: Do no harm.
health insurance is
costs too much and does not work
The American people
driving family decirejected Democrats’ attempted
sions about where to
for millions of Americans. The
government takeover of health
live and work.
Republican goal is more ambitious:
care in 1993, and they remain
• Many new parents
Better health care for lower cost.
skeptical of politicians who
worry about the loss of
would send us down that road.
coverage if they choose
Republicans support the prito stay at home with
vate practice of medicine and
their children.
oppose socialized medicine in the form of a govern• The need — and the bills — for long-term
ment-run universal health care system. Republicans
care are challenging families and governpledge that as we reform our health care system:
ment alike.
• We will protect citizens against any and all
• American businesses are becoming less com-



• 37 •

risky restructuring efforts that would complicate or ration health care.
• We will encourage health promotion and disease prevention.
• We will facilitate cooperation, not confrontation, among patients, providers, payers, and
all stakeholders in the health care system.
• We will not put government between patients
and their health care providers.
• We will not put the system on a path that
empowers Washington bureaucrats at the
expense of patients.
• We will not raise taxes instead of reducing
health care costs.
• We will not replace the current system with
the staggering inefficiency, maddening irrationality, and uncontrollable costs of a government monopoly.
Radical restructuring of health care would be
unwise. We want all Americans to be able to choose
the best health care provider, hospital, and health
coverage for their needs. We believe that real reform
is about improving your access to a health care
provider, your control over care, and your ability to
afford that care.
We will continue to advocate for simplification
of the system and the empowerment of patients.
This is in stark contrast to the other party’s insistence
on putting Washington in charge of patient care,
which has blocked any progress on meeting these
goals. We offer a detailed program that will improve
the quality, cost, and coverage of health care throughout the nation, and we will turn that plan into reality.

Patient Control and Portability
Republicans believe all Americans should be
able to obtain an affordable health care plan, includ-

ing a health savings account, which meets their needs
and the needs of their families.
Families and health care providers are the key to
real reform, not lawyers and bureaucrats. To empower families, we must make insurance more affordable
and more secure, and give employees the option of
owning coverage that is not tied to their job. Patients
should not have to worry about losing their insurance. Insurance companies should have to worry
about losing patients’ business.
The current tax system discriminates against
individuals who do not receive health care from their
employers, gives more generous health tax benefits
to upper income employees, and fails to provide
every American with the ability to purchase an
affordable health care plan. Republicans propose to
correct inequities in the current tax code that drive up
the number of uninsured and to level the playing
field so that individuals who choose a health insurance plan in the individual market face no tax penalty. All Americans should receive the same tax benefit
as those who are insured through work, whether
through a tax credit or other means.
Individuals with pre-existing conditions must
be protected; we will help these individuals by building on the experiences of innovative states rather
than by creating a new unmanageable federal entitlement. We strongly urge that managed care organizations use the practice patterns and medical treatment
guidelines from the state in which the patient lives
when making medical coverage decisions.
Because the family is our basic unit of society,
we fully support parental rights to consent to medical treatment for their children including mental
health treatment, drug treatment, alcohol treatment,
and treatment involving pregnancy, contraceptives
and abortion.

• 38 •

Improving Quality of Care and Lowering Costs

Use Health Information Technology to Save Lives

While delivering control of health coverage to
families and individuals, Republicans will also
advance a variety of targeted reforms to improve the
quality of care, lower costs, and help Americans —
men, women, and children — live longer and healthier lives.

Advances in medical technology are revolutionizing medicine. Information technology is key to
early detection and treatment of chronic disease as
well as fetal care and health care in rural areas —
especially where our growing wireless communications network is available. The simple step of modernizing recordkeeping will mean faster, more accurate treatment, fewer medical errors, and lower costs.
Closing the health care information gap can reduce
both under-utilization (the diabetic who forgets to
refill an insulin prescription) and over-utilization (the
patient who endures repetitive tests because
providers have not shared test results).

Prevent Disease and End the “Sick Care”System
Chronic diseases — in many cases, preventable
conditions — are driving health care costs, consuming three of every four health care dollars. We can
reduce demand for medical care by fostering personal responsibility within a culture of wellness, while
increasing access to preventive services, including
improved nutrition and breakthrough medications
that keep people healthy and out of the hospital. To
reduce the incidence of diabetes, cancer, heart disease, and stroke, we call for a national grassroots
campaign against obesity, especially among children.
We call for continuation of efforts to decrease use of
tobacco, especially among the young.
A culture of wellness needs to include the treatment of mental health conditions. We believe all
Americans should have access to affordable, quality
health care, including individuals struggling with
mental illness. For this reason, we believe it is important that mental health care be treated equally with
physical health care.

Empower Individuals to Make the Best Health Care Choices.
Clear information about health care empowers
patients. It lets consumers make better decisions
about where to spend their health care dollars,
thereby fostering competition and lowering costs.
Patients must have information to make sound
decisions about their health care providers,
hospitals, and insurance companies.

Protect Good Health Care Providers from Frivolous Lawsuits
Every patient must have access to legal remedies
for malpractice, but meritless lawsuits drive up insurance rates to outrageous levels and ultimately drive
up the number of uninsured. Frivolous lawsuits also
drive up the cost of health care as health care
providers are forced to practice defensive medicine,
such as ordering unnecessary tests. Many leave their
practices rather than deal with the current system.
This emergency demands medical liability reform.

Reward Good Health Care Providers for Delivering Real Results
Patients deserve access to health care providers
they trust who will personalize and coordinate their
care to ensure they receive the right treatment with
the right health care provider at the right time.
Providers should be paid for keeping people well,
not for the number of tests they run or procedures
they perform. The current cookie-cutter system of
reimbursement needs restructuring from the view of
the patient, not the accountant or Washington
bureaucrat.

• 39 •

Drive Costs Down With Interstate Competition
A state-regulated national market for health
insurance means more competition, more choice, and
lower costs. Families — as well as fraternal societies,
churches and community groups, and small employers — should be able to purchase policies across state
lines. The best practices and lowest prices should be
available in every state. We call upon state legislators
to carefully consider the cost of medical mandates,
and we salute those Republican governors who are
leading the way in demonstrating ways to provide
affordable health care options.

Modernize Long-Term Care Options for All
The financial burdens and emotional challenges
of ensuring adequate care for elderly family members affect every American, especially with today’s
aging population. We must develop new ways to
support individuals, not just institutions, so that
older Americans can have a real choice whether to
stay in their homes. This is true not only with regard
to Medicaid, where we spend $100 billion annually
on long-term care, but also for those who do not
qualify for that assistance.

Encourage Primary Care as a Specialty
We believe in the importance of primary care
specialties and supporting the physician’s role in the
evaluation and management of disease. We also
encourage practice in rural and underserved areas of
America.

Funding Medical Research
We support federal investment in basic and
applied biomedical research. This commitment will
maintain America’s global competitiveness, advance

innovative science that can lead to medical
breakthroughs, and turn the tide against diseases
affecting millions of Americans — diseases that
account for the majority of our health care costs.
The United States leads in this research, as evidenced
by our growing biotechnology industry, but
foreign competition is increasing. One way government can help preserve the promise of American
innovation is to ensure that our intellectual property
laws remain robust.
Federal research dollars should be spent as
though lives are at stake — because, in fact, they are.
Research protocols must consider the special needs
of formerly neglected groups if we are to make significant progress against breast and prostate cancer,
diabetes, and other killers.
Taxpayer-funded medical research must be
based on sound science, with a focus on both
prevention and treatment, and in accordance with
the humane ethics of the Hippocratic Oath. In
that regard, we call for a major expansion of
support for the stem-cell research that now shows
amazing promise and offers the greatest hope for
scores of diseases — with adult stem cells, umbilical
cord blood, and cells reprogrammed into pluripotent
stem cells — without the destruction of embryonic
human life. We call for a ban on human cloning and
a ban on the creation of or experimentation on
human embryos for research purposes.
We believe medicines and treatments should be
designed to prolong and enhance life, not destroy it.
Therefore, federal funds should not be used for drugs
that cause the destruction of human life.
Furthermore, the Drug Enforcement Administration
ban on use of controlled substances for physicianassisted suicide should be restored.

• 40 •

Protecting Rights of Conscience
The health care profession can be both a profession and a calling. No health care professional —
doctor, nurse, or pharmacist — or organization
should ever be required to perform, provide for, or
refer for a health care service against their conscience
for any reason. This is especially true of the religious
organizations which deliver a major portion of
America’s health care, a service rooted in the charity
of faith communities.

Medicare

and the benefits of competition must be delivered to
the patients themselves if Medicare is to provide
quality health care. And Medicare patients must be
free to add their own funds, if they choose, to any
government benefits, to be assured of unrationed
care.
Finally, because it is isolated from the free market forces that encourage innovation, competition,
affordability, and expansion of options, Medicare is
especially susceptible to fraud and abuse. The program loses tens of billions of dollars annually in erroneous and fraudulent payments. We are determined
to root out the fraud and eliminate this assault on
the taxpayer.

We support the provision of quality and accessible health care options for
our nation’s seniors and
Medicaid
We want all Americans to be able to
disabled individuals and
choose the best health care provider,
Our Medicaid obligarecognize that in order to
tions will consume $5 trilmeet this goal we must
hospital, and health coverage for their
lion over the next ten years.
confront the special chalneeds.
We
believe
that
real
reform
is
Medicaid now accounts
lenges posed by the growth
for 20-25 percent of state
of Medicare costs. Its proabout improving your access
budgets and threatens to
jected growth is out of conto a health care provider, your control
overwhelm state governtrol and threatens to
over care, and your ability to
ments for the indefinite
squeeze out other profuture. We can do better
grams, while funding conafford that care.
while spending less. A first
straints lead to restricted
step is to give Medicaid
access to treatment for
recipients more health care
many seniors. There are
options. Several states have
solutions. Medicare can be
allowed beneficiaries to buy regular health insurance
a leader for the rest of our health care system by
with their Medicaid dollars. This removes the
encouraging treatment of the whole patient.
Medicaid “stamp” from people’s foreheads, provides
Specifically, we should compensate doctors who
beneficiaries with better access to doctors, and saves
coordinate care, especially for those with multiple
taxpayers’ money. We must ensure that taxpayer
chronic conditions, and eliminate waste and
money is focused on caring for U.S. citizens and
inefficiency. Medicare patients must have more conother individuals in our country legally.
trol of their care and choice regarding their doctors,



• 41 •

Building a Health Care System for
Future Emergencies
To protect the American people from the threats
we face in the century ahead, we must develop and
stockpile medicines and vaccines so we can deliver
them where urgently needed. Our health care infra-

structure must have the surge capacity to handle
large numbers of patients in times of crisis, whether
it is a repeat of Hurricane Katrina, a flu pandemic, or
a bioterror attack on multiple cities. Republicans will
ensure that this infrastructure, including the needed
communications capacity, is closely integrated into
our homeland security needs.

• 42 •

Education Means a More Competitive America
Education is a parental right, a state and local
freedom and contribute to the betterment of our sociresponsibility, and a national strategic interest.
ety. We reaffirm the principles that have been the
Maintaining America’s preeminence requires a
foundation of the nation’s educational progress
world-class system of education, with high stantoward that goal: accountability for student academdards, in which all students can reach their potential.
ic achievement; periodic testing on the fundamentals
That requires considerable improvement over our
of learning, especially math and reading, history and
current 70 percent high school graduation rate and
geography; transparency, so parents and the general
six-year graduation rate of only 57 percent for colpublic know which schools best serve their students;
leges.
and flexibility and freedom to
Education is essential to
Education is essential to
innovate so schools and districts
competitiveness, but it is more than can best meet the needs of their
competitiveness, but it is more
than just training for the work
students.
just training for the work force of
force of the future. It is
We advocate policies and
the future. It is through education
through education that we
methods that are proven and
that we ensure the transmission
ensure the transmission of a
effective: building on the basics,
culture, a set of values we hold
especially phonics; ending social
of a culture, a set of values
in common. It has prepared
promotion; merit pay for good
we
hold
in
common.
generations for responsible citteachers; classroom discipline;
izenship in a free society, and
parental involvement; and
it must continue to do so. Our
strong leadership by principals.
party is committed to restoring the civic mission of
We reject a one-size-fits-all approach and support
schools envisioned by the founders of the American
parental options, including home schooling, and
public school system. Civic education, both in the
local innovations such as schools or classes for boys
classroom and through service learning, should be a
only or for girls only and alternative and innovative
cornerstone of American public education and
school schedules. We recognize and appreciate the
should be central to future school reform efforts.
importance of innovative education environments,
particularly homeschooling, for stimulating academPrinciples for Elementary and
ic achievement. We oppose over-reaching judicial
Secondary Education
decisions which deny children access to such environments. We support state efforts to build coordiAll children should have access to an excellent
nation between elementary and secondary education
education that empowers them to secure their own



• 43 •

and higher education such as K-16 councils and dual
credit programs.
To ensure that all students will have access to
the mainstream of American life, we support the
English First approach and oppose divisive programs that limit students’ future potential. All students must be literate in English, our common language, to participate in the promise of America.

Early Childhood Education
The family is the most powerful influence on a
child’s ability to succeed. As such, parents are our
children’s first and foremost teachers. We support
family literacy, which improves the literacy, language, and life skills of both parents and children
along with the continued improvement of early
childhood programs, such as Head Start, from lowincome families. We reaffirm our support for the
child care tax credit that helps parents choose the care
best for their family.

Giving Students the Best Teachers
For students to meet world class standards, they
must have access to world class teachers, whether in
person or through virtual public schools that can
bring high-quality instruction into the classroom.
School districts must have the authority to recruit,
reward, and retain the best and brightest teachers,
and principals must have the authority to select and
assign teachers without regard to collective bargaining agreements. Because qualified teachers are often
not available through traditional routes, we support
local efforts to create an adjunct teacher corps of
experts from higher education, business, and the military to fill in when needed.
Teachers must be protected against frivolous litigation and should be able to take reasonable actions

to maintain discipline and order in the classroom.
We encourage the private-public partnerships and
mentoring that can make classroom time more meaningful to students by integrating it with learning
beyond school walls. These efforts are crucial to lowering the drop-out rate and helping at-risk students
realize their potential.
We encourage state efforts to ensure that personnel who interact with children pass thorough
background checks and are held to the highest standards of conduct.
Partnerships between schools and businesses
can be especially important in STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering and math. The need to
improve secondary education in those fields can be
measured by the number of remedial courses now
offered at the college level. Our country’s reliance
upon foreign talent in those areas begins with insufficient emphasis upon them in the high school years.
We applaud those who are changing that situation by
giving young people real-world experience in the
private sector and by providing students with rigorous technical and academic courses that give students the skills and knowledge necessary to be productive members in a competitive American workforce.

Asserting Family Rights in Schooling
Parents should be able to decide the learning
environment that is best for their child. We support
choice in education for all families, especially those
with children trapped in dangerous and failing
schools, whether through charter schools, vouchers
or tax credits for attending faith-based or other nonpublic schools, or the option of home schooling. We
call for the vigilant enforcement of laws designed to
protect family rights and privacy in education. We

• 44 •

will energetically assert the right of students to
engage in voluntary prayer in schools and to have
equal access to school facilities for religious purposes. We renew our call for replacing “family planning” programs for teens with increased funding for
abstinence education, which teaches abstinence until
marriage as the responsible and expected standard of
behavior. Abstinence from sexual activity is the only
protection that is 100 percent effective against out-ofwedlock pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases, including HIV/AIDS when transmitted sexually. We oppose school-based clinics that provide
referrals, counseling, and related services for abortion and contraception. Schools should not ask children to answer offensive or intrusive personal nonacademic questionnaires without parental consent. It
is not the role of the teacher or school administration
to recommend or require the use of psychotropic
medications that must be prescribed by a physician.

Reviewing the Federal Role in Primary and
Secondary Education
Although the Constitution assigns the federal
government no role in local education, Washington’s
authority over the nation’s schools has increased dramatically. In less than a decade, annual federal funding has shot up 41 percent to almost $25 billion, while
the regulatory burden on state and local governments has risen by about 6.7 million hours — and
added $141 million in costs — during that time. We
call for a review of Department of Education programs and administration to identify and eliminate
ineffective programs, to respect the role of states, and
to better meet state needs.
To get our schools back to the basics of learning,
we support initiatives to block-grant more
Department of Education funding to the states, with

requirements for state-level standards, assessments,
and public reporting to ensure transparency. Local
educators must be free to end ineffective programs
and reallocate resources where they are most needed.

Maintaining our Commitment to IDEA
Because a federal mandate on the states must
include the promised federal funding, we will fulfill
the promise of the Individuals with Disabilities
Education Act to cover 40 percent of the costs
incurred because of that legislation. We urge preventive efforts in early childhood, especially assistance in
gaining pre-reading skills, to help many youngsters
move beyond the need for IDEA’s protections.

Higher Education
Our country’s system of higher education —
public and private, secular and religious, large and
small institutions — is unique for its excellence, its
diversity, and its accessibility. Learning is a safeguard of liberty. Post-secondary education not only
increases the earnings of individuals but advances
economic development. Our colleges and universities drive much of the research that keeps America
competitive. We must ensure that our higher education system meet the needs of the 21st century student and economy and remain innovative and accessible.

Meeting College Costs
Students and their parents face formidable challenges in planning for college as costs continue to
outpace inflation. Higher education seems immune
from market controls and the law of supply and
demand. We commend those institutions which are
directing a greater proportion of their endowment
revenues toward tuition relief.

• 45 •

The Republican vision for expanding access to
higher education has led to two major advances,
Education Savings Accounts and Section 529
accounts, by which millions of families now save for
college. While federal student loans and grants have
opened doors to learning for untold numbers of lowand middle-income students, the overall financial aid
system, with its daunting forms and confused rationales, is nothing less than Byzantine. It must be simplified. We call for a presidential commission to
undertake that task and to review the role of government regulations and policies in the tuition spiral. We
affirm our support for the public-private partnership
that now offers students and their families a vibrant
marketplace in selecting their student loan provider.

Innovation Will Lead to Lifelong Learning
The challenge to American higher education is
to make sure students can access education in whatever forms they want. As mobility increases in all
aspects of American life, student mobility, from
school to school and from campus to campus, will
require new approaches to admissions, evaluations,
and credentialing. Distance learning propelled by an
expanding telecommunications sector and especially
broadband, is certain to grow in importance —
whether through public or private institutions — and
federal law should not discriminate against the latter.
Lifelong learning will continue to transform the
demographics of higher education, bringing older
students and real-world experience to campus.

Community Colleges Continue to Play a Crucial Role
Community colleges are central to the future of

higher education, especially as they build bridges
between the world of work and the classroom. Many
of our returning veterans find community colleges to
be welcoming environments where they can develop
specific skills for use in the civilian workforce. As the
first responders to economic development and
retraining of workers, these schools fulfill our national commitment of an affordable and readily accessible education for all.

Special Challenges in Higher Education
Free speech on college campuses is to be celebrated, but there should be no place in academia for
anti-Semitism or racism of any kind. We oppose the
hiring, firing, tenure, and promotion practices at universities that discriminate on the basis of political or
ideological belief. When federal taxes are used to
support such practices, it is inexcusable. We affirm
the right of students and faculty to express their
views in the face of the leftist dogmatism that dominates many institutions. To preserve the integrity
and independence of the nation’s colleges, we will
continue to ensure alternatives to ideological accrediting systems.
Because some of the nation’s leading universities create or tolerate a hostile atmosphere toward the
ROTC, we will rigorously enforce the provision of
law, unanimously upheld by the Supreme Court,
which denies those institutions federal research
grants unless their military students have the full
rights and privileges of other students. That must
include the right to engage in ROTC activities on
their own campus, rather than being segregated
elsewhere.

• 46 •

Protecting Our Families
Republicans remain the party of vigorous action
against crime and the party that empowers the lawabiding by protecting their right to keep and bear
arms for self-protection. Our national experience
over the past twenty years has shown that vigilance,
tough yet fair prosecutors, meaningful sentences,
protection of victims’ rights, and limits on judicial
discretion protect the innocent by keeping criminals
off the streets.

traffic in it — must be punished to the maximum
extent of the law. Because it is an international problem, the Executive branch must carry the fight overseas to where the molesters perpetrate their evil.
Congress should expand the range of companies
required to report the existence of child pornography,
and we congratulate the social networking sites that
agree to bar known sex offenders from participation.

Internet Gambling
Stopping Online Child Predators and
Ending Child Pornography

Millions of Americans suffer from problem or
pathological gambling that can destroy families. We
support the law prohibiting
The two most effective forces in
gambling over the Internet.

The Internet must be
made safe for children.
reducing crime and other social ills are
That’s why Republicans
Ridding the Nation of
have led efforts to increase
strong families and caring
Criminal Street Gangs
the funding necessary to
communities. Both reinforce
track down and jail online
Gang violence is a growconstructive conduct and ethical
predators through the Adam
ing problem, not only in urban
Walsh Act. We commit to do
areas but in many suburbs and
standards by setting examples and
whatever it takes, using all
rural communities. It has
providing safe havens from dangerous escalated with the rise of
the tools of innovative technology, to thwart those who
gangs composed largely of
and destructive behaviors.
would prey upon our chilillegal aliens, most of whose
dren. We call on service
victims are law-abiding memproviders to exercise due
bers of immigrant communicare to ensure that the Internet cannot become a safe
ties. We call for stronger enforcement and deterhaven for criminals.
mined prosecution of gang conspiracies. Illegal
Child pornography is a hideous form of child
allien gang members must be removed from the
abuse. Those who produce it — and those who
United States immediately upon arrest or after the



• 47 •

completion of any sentence imposed. Aliens convicted of crimes that render them removable from the
United States must be removed as soon as possible
after the completion of their sentences through the
immediate transfer of their custody to Immigration
and Customs Enforcement.

Locking Up Criminals
Criminals behind bars cannot harm the general
public. To that end:
• We support mandatory sentencing provisions for gang conspiracy crimes, violent or
sexual offenses against children, rape, and
assaults resulting in serious bodily injury.
• Gang rape, child rape, and rape committed in
the course of another felony deserve, at the
least, mandatory life imprisonment.
• We oppose the granting of parole to dangerous or repeat felons.
• Courts must have the option of imposing the
death penalty in capital murder cases and
other instances of heinous crime, while federal review of those sentences should be
streamlined to focus on claims of innocence
and to prevent delaying tactics by defense
attorneys.
• We encourage the use of advanced technology to monitor nonviolent criminals.

inmates. We cannot allow correctional facilities to
become ethnic or racial battlegrounds.
Breaking the cycle of crime begins with the children of those who are incarcerated. Deprived of a
parent through no fault of their own, these youngsters should be a special concern of our schools,
social services, and religious institutions.
Government at all levels should work with faithbased institutions that have proven track records in
diverting young and first offenders from criminal
careers through Second Chance and similar programs. Individuals, including juveniles, who are
repeat offenders or who commit serious crimes need
to be prosecuted and punished.

Protecting Law Enforcement Officers
In solidarity with those who protect us, we call
for mandatory prison time for all assaults involving
bodily injury to law enforcement officers. Reviews of
death sentences imposed for murdering a police officer should be expedited, and a retrial of the penalty
phase of the killer’s trial should be allowed in the
absence of a unanimous verdict. We support the right
of off-duty and retired officers to carry firearms.
Criminals should be barred from seeking monetary
damages for injuries they incur while committing a
crime.

Improving Law Enforcement
Reforming Prisons and Serving Families
Public authorities at all levels must cooperate to
regain control of the nation’s correctional institutions. It is unacceptable that prison officers should
live in fear of the inmates they guard. Similarly, persons jailed for whatever cause should be protected
against cruel or degrading treatment by other

In recent years, many federal resources for law
enforcement have been shifted to the fight against
terror. To compensate for that loss of manpower —
and with the significant increase in cybercrime, identity theft, and human trafficking — several thousand
new FBI agents, U.S. marshals, immigration officers,
and Border Patrol agents are needed.

• 48 •

Continuing the Fight against Illegal Drugs
The human toll of drug addiction and abuse hits
all segments of American society. It is an international problem as well, with most of the narcotics in
this country coming from beyond our borders. We
will continue the fight against producers, traffickers,
and distributors of illegal substances through the collaboration of state, federal, and local law enforcement. We support the work of those who help individuals struggling with addiction, and we support
strengthening drug education and prevention programs to avoid addiction. We endorse state and local
initiatives, such as Drug Courts, that are trying new
approaches to curbing drug abuse and diverting
first-time offenders to rehabilitation.

Protecting the Victims of Crime

on Congress to correct this imbalance by sending to
the states for ratification a constitutional amendment
to protect the rights of crime victims. In addition,
crime victims should be assured of access to legal and
social services, and the Crime Victims Fund established under President Reagan should be used solely
for that purpose.

Securing Our Civil Liberties
Because our Constitution is based on the principles of individual liberty and limited government,
we must always ensure that law enforcement
respects the civil and constitutional rights of the people. While we wage war on terrorism in foreign
lands, it is sometimes necessary for intelligence agencies and law enforcement officials to pursue terrorist
threats at home. However, no expansion of governmental powers should occur at the expense of our
constitutional liberties.

Twenty-six years ago, President Reagan’s Task
Force on Victims of Crime, calling the neglect of
crime victims a “national disRenewing
The innocent have far fewer rights
grace,” proposed a constituNeighborhoods,
tional amendment to secure
than the accused. We call on Congress
Building Communities
their formal rights. Today,
to correct this imbalance by sending to
that disgrace persists in courtThe two most effective
the
states
for
ratification
a
rooms across the nation.
forces in reducing crime and
Innocent victims — battered
other social ills are strong
constitutional amendment to protect
women, abused children, the
families and caring commuthe rights of crime victims.
loved ones of the murdered
nities. Both reinforce con— still may not be told when
structive conduct and ethical
their case is being heard.
standards by setting examThey can be excluded from the courtroom even when
ples and providing safe havens from dangerous
the defendant and his friends may be present. They
and destructive behaviors. Given the weight of
have no right to a speedy trial, and a judge or parole
social science evidence concerning the crucial role
board has no obligation to consider their personal
played by the traditional family in setting a child’s
safety in making release decisions. In short, the innofuture course, we urge a thoughtful review of
cent have far fewer rights than the accused. We call
governmental policies and programs to ensure that



• 49 •

they do not undermine that institution.
Decentralized decision-making in the place of
official controls empowers individuals and groups to
tackle social problems in partnership with government. Bureaucracy is no longer a credible approach
to helping those in need. This is especially true in
light of alternatives such as faith-based organiza-

tions, which tend to have a greater degree of success
than others in dealing with problems such as substance abuse and domestic violence. To accomplish
their missions, those groups must be able to rely
upon people who share their faith; their hiring must
not be subjected to government regulation and
mandates.

• 50 •

Preserving Our Values
From its founding, America has been an idea as
much as a political or geographic entity. It has meant,
for untold millions around the world, a set of ideals
that speak to the highest aspirations of humanity.
From its own beginning, the Republican Party has
boldly asserted those ideals, as we now do again, to
affirm the rights of the people under the rule of law.

Upholding the Constitutional Right
to Keep and Bear Arms

members of the Armed Forces who have suffered
trauma during service to their country. We condemn
frivolous lawsuits against firearms manufacturers,
which are transparent attempts to deprive citizens of
their rights. We oppose federal licensing of law-abiding gun owners and national gun registration as violations of the Second Amendment. We recognize that
gun control only affects and penalizes law-abiding
citizens, and that such proposals are ineffective at
reducing violent crime.

We uphold the right of
Individual rights —
Ensuring Equal
individual Americans to own
Treatment for All
and the responsibilities that
firearms, a right which antedated the Constitution and
Individual rights — and
go with them — are the foundation
was solemnly confirmed by
the responsibilities that go
of a free society. From the time
the Second Amendment. We
with them — are the foundaof Lincoln, equality of individuals has
applaud the Supreme Court’s
tion of a free society. From the
decision in Heller affirming
time of Lincoln, equality of
been a cornerstone of the
that right, and we assert the
individuals has been a cornerRepublican Party.
individual responsibility to
stone of the Republican Party.
safely use and store firearms.
Our commitment to equal
We call on the next president
opportunity extends from
to appoint judges who will similarly respect the
landmark school-choice legislation for the students
Constitution. Gun ownership is responsible citizenof Washington D.C. to historic appointments at the
ship, enabling Americans to defend themselves, their
highest levels of government. We consider discrimiproperty, and communities.
nation based on sex, race, age, religion, creed, disWe call for education in constitutional rights in
ability, or national origin to be immoral, and we will
schools, and we support the option of firearms trainstrongly enforce anti-discrimination statutes. We ask
ing in federal programs serving senior citizens and
all to join us in rejecting the forces of hatred and bigwomen. We urge immediate action to review the
otry and in denouncing all who practice or promote
automatic denial of gun ownership to returning
racism, anti-Semitism, ethnic prejudice, or religious



• 51 •

intolerance. As a matter of principle, Republicans
oppose any attempts to create race-based governments within the United States, as well as any
domestic governments not bound by the
Constitution or the Bill of Rights.
Precisely because we oppose discrimination, we
reject preferences, quotas, and set-asides, whether in
education or in corporate boardrooms. The government should not make contracts on this basis, and
neither should corporations. We support efforts to
help low-income individuals get a fair shot based on
their potential and merit, and we affirm the commonsense approach of the Chief Justice of the United
States: that the way to stop discriminating on the
basis of race is to stop discriminating.

Protecting Our National Symbols
The symbol of our unity, to which we all pledge
allegiance, is the flag. By whatever legislative
method is most feasible, Old Glory should be given
legal protection against desecration. We condemn
decisions by activist judges to deny children the
opportunity to say the Pledge of Allegiance in public
school.

Freedom of Speech and of the Press
We support freedom of speech and freedom of
the press and oppose attempts to violate or weaken
those rights, such as reinstatement of the so-called
Fairness Doctrine.

Maintaining The Sanctity and
Dignity of Human Life
Faithful to the first guarantee of the Declaration
of Independence, we assert the inherent dignity and
sanctity of all human life and affirm that the unborn

child has a fundamental individual right to life which
cannot be infringed. We support a human life
amendment to the Constitution, and we endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth
Amendment’s protections apply to unborn children.
We oppose using public revenues to promote or perform abortion and will not fund organizations which
advocate it. We support the appointment of judges
who respect traditional family values and the sanctity and dignity of innocent human life.
We have made progress. The Supreme Court
has upheld prohibitions against the barbaric practice
of partial-birth abortion. States are now permitted to
extend health-care coverage to children before birth.
And the Born Alive Infants Protection Act has
become law; this law ensures that infants who are
born alive during an abortion receive all treatment
and care that is provided to all newborn infants and
are not neglected and left to die. We must protect
girls from exploitation and statutory rape through a
parental notification requirement. We all have a
moral obligation to assist, not to penalize, women
struggling with the challenges of an unplanned pregnancy. At its core, abortion is a fundamental assault
on the sanctity of innocent human life. Women
deserve better than abortion. Every effort should be
made to work with women considering abortion to
enable and empower them to choose life. We salute
those who provide them alternatives, including pregnancy care centers, and we take pride in the tremendous increase in adoptions that has followed
Republican legislative initiatives.
Respect for life requires efforts to include
persons with disabilities in education, employment, the justice system, and civic participation. In
keeping with that commitment, we oppose the nonconsensual withholding of care or treatment from

• 52 •

people with disabilities, as well as the elderly and
infirm, just as we oppose euthanasia and assisted suicide, which endanger especially those on the margins
of society. Because government should set a positive
standard in hiring and contracting for the services of
persons with disabilities, we need to update the
statutory authority for the AbilityOne program, the
main avenue by which those productive members of
our society can offer high quality services at the best
possible value.

salute and support the efforts of foster and adoptive
families.
Republicans have been at the forefront of protecting traditional marriage laws, both in the states
and in Congress. A Republican Congress enacted the
Defense of Marriage Act, affirming the right of states
not to recognize same-sex “marriages” licensed in
other states. Unbelievably, the Democratic Party has
now pledged to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act,
which would subject every state to the redefinition of
marriage by a judge without ever allowing the peoPreserving Traditional Marriage
ple to vote on the matter. We also urge Congress to
use its Article III, Section 2 power to prevent activist
Because our children’s future is best preserved
federal judges from imposing upon the rest of the
within the traditional understanding of marriage, we
nation the judicial activism in Massachusetts and
call for a constitutional amendment that fully proCalifornia. We also encourtects marriage as a union of
At its core, abortion is a fundamental
age states to review their
a man and a woman, so that
marriage and divorce laws in
assault on the sanctity of innocent
judges cannot make other
order to strengthen mararrangements equivalent to
human life. Women deserve better than
riage.
it. In the absence of a
abortion. Every effort should be made to
As the family is our
national amendment, we
basic
unit of society, we
work with women considering abortion to
support the right of the peooppose initiatives to erode
ple of the various states to
enable and empower them to choose life
parental rights.
affirm traditional marriage



through state initiatives.
Republicans recognize
the importance of having in the home a father and a
mother who are married. The two-parent family still
provides the best environment of stability, discipline,
responsibility, and character. Children in homes
without fathers are more likely to commit a crime,
drop out of school, become violent, become teen parents, use illegal drugs, become mired in poverty, or
have emotional or behavioral problems. We support
the courageous efforts of single-parent families to
provide a stable home for their children. Children
are our nation’s most precious resource. We also

Safeguarding Religious
Liberties

Our Constitution guarantees the free exercise of
religion and forbids any religious test for public
office, and it likewise prohibits the establishment of a
state-sponsored creed. The balance between those
two ideals has been distorted by judicial rulings
which attempt to drive faith out of the public arena.
The public display of the Ten Commandments does
not violate the U.S. Constitution and accurately
reflects the Judeo-Christian heritage of our country.
We support the right of students to engage in stu-

• 53 •

dent-initiated, student-led prayer in public schools,
athletic events, and graduation ceremonies, when
done in conformity with constitutional standards.
We affirm every citizen’s right to apply religious
values to public policy and the right of faith-based
organizations to participate fully in public programs
without renouncing their beliefs, removing religious
objects or symbols, or becoming subject to government-imposed hiring practices. Forcing religious
groups to abandon their beliefs as applied to their
hiring practices is religious discrimination. We support the First Amendment right of freedom of association of the Boy Scouts of America and other service
organizations whose values are under assault, and
we call upon the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to
reverse its policy of blacklisting religious groups
which decline to arrange adoptions by same-sex couples. Respectful of our nation’s diversity in faith, we
urge reasonable accommodation of religious beliefs
in the private workplace. We deplore the increasing
incidence of attacks against religious symbols, as well
as incidents of anti-Semitism on college campuses.

Preserving Americans’ Property Rights
At the center of a free economy is the right of citizens to be secure in their property. Every person has
the right to acquire, own, use, possess, enjoy, and dispose of private property. That right was undermined
by the Supreme Court’s Kelo decision, allowing local
governments to seize a person’s home or land, not for
vital public use, but for transfer to private developers. That 5-to-4 decision highlights what is at stake in
the election of the next president, who may make
new appointments to the Court. We call on state legislatures to moot the Kelo decision by appropriate legislation, and we pledge on the federal level to pass
legislation to protect against unjust federal takings.

We will enforce the Takings Clause of the Fifth
Amendment to ensure just compensation whenever
private property is needed to achieve a compelling
public use. We urge caution in the designation of
National Historic Areas, which can set the stage for
widespread governmental control of citizens’ lands.

Supporting Native American Communities
The federal government has a special responsibility to the people in Indian country and a
unique trust relationship with them, which has been
insufficiently honored. The social and economic
problems that plague Indian country have grown
worse over the last several decades, and we must
reverse that trend. Ineffective government programs
deprive Indians of the services they need, and longterm failures threaten to undermine tribal sovereignty itself.
Republicans believe that economic self-sufficiency is the ultimate answer to the challenges in
Indian country and that tribal communities,
not Washington bureaucracies, are better situated
to craft local solutions. Federal — and state — regulations that thwart job creation must be reconsidered
so that tribal governments acting on Native
Americans’ behalf are not disadvantaged. The
Democratic Party’s repeated undermining of tribal
sovereignty to advantage union bosses is especially
egregious.
Republicans reject a one-size-fits-all approach
to federal-state-tribal partnerships and will work
to expand local autonomy where tribal governments seek it. Better partnerships will help us
to expand opportunity, deliver top-flight education
to future generations, modernize and improve the
Indian Health Service to make it more responsive
to local needs, and build essential infrastructure.

• 54 •

Native Americans must be empowered to develop
the rich natural resources on their lands without
undue federal interference.
Crime in Indian country, especially against
women, is a special problem demanding immediate
attention. Inadequate resources and neglect have
made Native Americans less safe and allowed
safe havens to develop in Indian country for
criminal narcotics enterprises. The government must
increase funding for tribal officers and investigators,
FBI agents, prosecutors, and tribal jails. The legal
system must provide stability and protect property

rights. Everyone’s civil rights must be safeguarded,
including the right to due process and freedom of
the press, with accountability for all government
officials.
We support efforts to ensure equitable participation in federal programs by Native Americans,
including Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, and
to preserve their culture and languages. We honor
the sacrifices of all Native Americans serving in the
military today and in years past and will ensure that
all veterans receive the care and respect they have
earned through their service to America.

• 55 •

• 56 •

The Platform Committee
Republican National Committee Chairman
Robert M. “Mike” Duncan
Chairman
Congressman Kevin McCarthy

Co-Chairman
Senator Richard Burr

Subcommittee Chairmen
Economy Subcommittee: Expanding Opportunity to Promote Prosperity
Chairman Haley Barbour
Co-Chairman Santa Mendoza
Co-Chairman Anthony Sutton
National Security Subcommittee: Defending the Nation, Securing the Peace
Chairman Heather Wilson
Co-Chairman L. Scott Lingamfelter
Co-Chairman Joe Nuñez
Government Reform Subcommittee: Reforming Government to Serve the People
Chairman Mark Burkhalter
Co-Chairman Priscilla Rakestraw
Energy Subcommittee: Guaranteeing Energy Independence and a Cleaner Environment
Chairman Ann McLaughlin Korologos
Co-Chairman Trey Grayson
Crime & American Values Subcommittee: Protecting Our Families, Preserving Our Values
Chairman Jane Orie
Co-Chairman Mike Fair
Health & Education Subcommittee: Advancing a Healthier and More Competitive America.
Chairman Mary Mertz
Co-Chairman Steve King

Honorary Vice Chairmen
Ken Blackwell

Lisa Keegan

Marcello Llorente

• 57 •

Bob Martinez

Van Tran

Committee Members
ALASKA
David Boyle
Kim Skipper

DELAWARE
Priscilla Rakestraw
Terry Strine

KANSAS
Sylvia Chapman
Kris Kobach

ALABAMA
Robert J. Bentley
Martha H. Stokes

FLORIDA
John Falconetti
Kathleen King

KENTUCKY
Trey Grayson
Kelly Knight

ARKANSAS
Jonathan Barnett
Anne Britton

GEORGIA
Mark Burkhalter
Sue Everhart

LOUISIANA
Louis “Woody” Jenkins
Sandra McDade

AMERICAN SAMOA
Utu Abe Malae
Salote Lutu Schuster

GUAM
Felix P. Camacho
Maria S. Connelley

MASSACHUSETTS
Jody Dow
Isaac Mass

ARIZONA
Randall Pullen
Shiree Verdone

HAWAII
Adrienne King
Willes Lee

MARYLAND
Carmen Amedori
Anthony O’Donnell

CALIFORNIA
Kevin McCarthy
Jenifer Russo

IOWA
David Chung
Lisa Smith

MAINE
Philip N. Roy, Jr.
Katherine L. Watson

COLORADO
Joe Nuñez
Kendal Unruh

IDAHO
Marjorie Chadderdon
Bart Davis

MICHIGAN
Glenn Clark
Denise Graves

CONNECTICUT
Christopher Healy
Santa Mendoza

ILLINOIS
JoAnn Osmond
Richard Williamson

MINNESOTA
Michele Bachmann
Anthony Sutton

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Ann McLaughlin Korologos
Robert McFarlane

INDIANA
James Bopp
Joyce Smith

MISSOURI
Joy Gerstein
Ron Richard

• 58 •

NORTHERN
MARIANA ISLANDS
Joseph C. Reyes
Ana Sablan Teregeyo
MISSISSIPPI
Haley Barbour
Jeanne Luckey
MONTANA
Susan Barbisan
Conrad Burns
NORTH CAROLINA
Richard Burr
Mary Summa
NORTH DAKOTA
Sandy Boehler
Gary Emineth
NEBRASKA
Pat Dorwart
Mark Quandahl
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Maureen Barrows
James Merrill
NEW JERSEY
Keith Davis
Alison Littell McHose
NEW MEXICO
Heather Wilson
Sam Winder

NEVADA
Barbara Cegavske
Ty Cobb

TENNESSEE
Margaret Lambert
Robert Schwartz

NEW YORK
Christopher N. Cox
Alana Sweeny

TEXAS
Cathie Adams
Kelly Shackelford

OHIO
Mary Mertz
Charles Mifsud

UTAH
Becky Lockhart
Mark Madsen

OKLAHOMA
Bunny Chambers
Lynn Windel

VIRGINIA
L. Scott Lingamfelter
Kathy Hayden Terry

OREGON
Donna Cain
Jeff Grossman

VIRGIN ISLANDS
April Newland
Herbert Schoenbohm

PENNSYLVANIA
James McErlane
Jane Orie

VERMONT
Jay Shepard

PUERTO RICO
Carlos Chardon
Lolita Semidey
RHODE ISLAND
Giovanni Cicione
Susan Story
SOUTH CAROLINA
Mike Fair
SOUTH DAKOTA
Dianne Nelson
Bill Peterson

• 59 •

WASHINGTON
Ann Adams
Jason Bontrager
WISCONSIN
Jennie Frederick
Steve King
WYOMING
Randi Craig
Mike Eathorne

Platform Staff
Steven J. Duffield . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Executive Director
Bill Gribbin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Editor
Bob Dove . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Parliamentarian
Chip Roy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . General Counsel & Chief Clerk
Andy Chasin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Senior Policy Adviser
Amber Wilkerson . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Communications Director
Nick Bouknight . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Press Secretary
Gregg Edgar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Administrative Director
Amanda Braden . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Executive Assistant
James Min . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Counselor to Chairman McCarthy
Andy Moskowitz . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Counselor to Co-Chairman Burr
Karen Portik . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Graphic Designer
Subcommittee Policy Staff
Mark Esper . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . National Security
Neil Bradley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Government Reform
Alex Brill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Economy
Mike Sommers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Economy
Chris Joyner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Energy
Jenny Ware . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Health Care & Education
Celia Hartman Sims . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Health Care & Education
Joe Matal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Crime & American Values
Kevin Holsclaw . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Crime & American Values
Senior Advisers
Mitch Bainwol, Dan Crippen, Norm Cummings, David Hoppe,
Chris Koch, Jim Neill, Anne Phelps, Eric Ueland, and Candi Wolff
Special Thanks to Our Volunteers
Ian Alexander, Shannon Boozman, Emily Dahl, Kathryn Facchiano, Annie Gribbin, Michael Gribbin,
Abby Madlock, Andrea Massar, Casey Melvin, Leslie Parker, Alexandra Redman, Maggie Sams & Sam Tasher

• 60 •

