# FULL SPEECH: Trump holds rally on Long Island  | LiveNOW from FOX
# Channel: LiveNOW from FOX
# Upload Date: 2024-09-19
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0F-NwN1wq4
# Language: en (whisper)
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 77.0%
# Whisper Model: base
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 11:38:15

================================================================================

Wow, he's a big crowd. You see that big crowd? Thank you very much everybody. Thank you very much everybody on a very big hello to New York and a place called Long Island, which I know very well. And I'm thrilled to be back in the state I love with thousands of proud patriotic New Yorkers who are really the heart and soul of America. We know that. And the reason I'm here is because hasn't been done in many decades. It hasn't been done for a long time, but we are going to win New York. And that's the first time in many, many years that a Republican can honestly say it and we're going to do it. We have to do it. We do it and the election nationwide is over. We take over the White House and we fix up our country. Okay. We fix up our country. So as you know, three days ago, there was yet another assassination attempt on my life. I didn't know I was going to say it. It was the second one in eight weeks by a violent radical left, mobster. This evil would be assassin got within a few hundred yards of where I stood, but thankfully our outstanding Secret Service agent and they are outstanding. Spotted the barrel of his rifle and the bushes. Can you believe that? Can you believe that? He saw a barrel of a big, big, this was a big barrel. This is a, this you don't want to even talk about, 8K-47, but he saw the barrel coming out a little bit out of the very lush bushes. And he took fast action to stop the gunman before I even entered the line of sight. I want to express my thanks to the U.S. Secret Service, who is there that day. And to all of the sheriffs and law enforcement down in Florida, the heroes who helped to apprehend the attacker. And by the way, you possibly heard the story. So the Secret Agent, Service Agent, pulled out the gun and started shooting. He didn't talk like a lot of people. They talked. How were you, sir? What would you like to talk about? Would you like to talk about the weather? No, he pulled out the gun and he started shooting at him. And the villain. Now, but think of this. This could only happen with a woman because men aren't smart enough. I hate to tell you fellas. So he dropped his gun. His car was a block away and he started running because they had him. And he was running, running, running. And a woman driving a car innocently said he looks like a bad person to me. He looks very suspicious. And she followed him and pulled up to the back of the car and started taking pictures of his license. Can you believe that? And she took the pictures of his license plate, perfect beautiful pictures like a professional photographer. And said them to the sheriff and said, I just looked at a man. There was something strange going on. Who the hell would do that? Right? Only a woman. Well, I asked the sheriff today. I said, so sheriff, if you had a thousand events, how many people would have done that man or woman? How many people would have done that followed him, taken pictures of the license plate and also the type of truck that he was driving? He said, maybe none. So she's a hero. I got to meet her. And because of that, they were then able to catch him in a very speedy drive down the various highways in Florida, but they got him and they got him fast. But I think it's incredible. So the agent and that wonderful woman, and with all of my heart, I thank you all for your incredible valor. What you've done is incredible. What the people of our country and law enforcement does in this country is incredible. Tonight, let me also deliver a message straight to Kamala Harris. Have you heard of her? Who, by the way, was just rated by far the most liberal senator in the U.S. Senate, more so even further left than Bernie Sanders and Pocahontas. She's more so. Elizabeth Warren. She's more left than Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren. Let me also deliver a message straight to Kamala Harris, the radical left Democrat politicians, and the fake news media look how many are there. We've got to get our media back in this country. We've got to get them back. But the message is it's time to stop the lies, stop the hoaxes, stop the smears, stop the law fair or the fake lawsuits against me, and stop claiming your opponents will turn America into a dictatorship. Because the fact is that I'm not a threat to democracy they are. They're doing things in politics that have never been done before in the history of our country, and worst of all with their open borders and bad elections they have made us into a third world nation, something which nobody tried to do. And what I thought was even possible, Americans deserve a campaign based on the issues. We try and keep it on the issues, and God has now spared my life. It must have been God, thank you. Not once but twice, and there are those that say he did it because Trump is going to turn this state around, he's going to turn this country around, he's going to make America great again, and maybe. And we're going to bring back religion into our country. These encounters with death have not broken my will, they have really given me a much bigger and stronger mission. They've only hardened by resolve to use my time on Earth to make America great again for all Americans to put America first, and to put America first. Earlier today I was honored to receive the endorsement of the rank and file membership of the teamsters, I love the teamsters. They delivered all that concrete for those buildings I built in New York, they delivered the big heavy, those beautiful trucks you've ever seen, they delivered the concrete and all those buildings I built in New York. But you know this hasn't happened in so many decades, we won the overwhelming majority of the local chapters and the members, and as a result the national organization has refused to endorse the Democrat candidate for the first time in many many decades. And I also want to thank Teamsters President Chano Bryan, an amazing man, and all of the incredible rank and file teamssters across the country, because this was a surprise. It's automatic, they endorse the Democrats, automatic from many, many decades, but you know what they said, they looked at her, they said, we're not going there, I'm sorry, these are tough people. And together we will secure our borders, we will protect our workers, we will defend our jobs, we will rebuild our country with American skill and American pride and American labor. And just as the little side note, we should give them a round, especially because of what they, and how they voted today, if they voted the other way I wouldn't give them a round. But the teamsters built out this beautiful stadium for tonight's event, thank you, Teamsters, thank you. We've got a great job today. To every hardworking American, whether you live in a red state, a swing state, or a state where they failed Democrat rule, this year we need to elect all Republicans up and down the ballot, we have to clean out and straighten out our country. With your vote, we are going to rescue our country, we are going to rescue our Democrat run states, we are going to start by saving the great state of New York. When I told some people in Washington, I'm going up to New York, we're doing a campaign speech, they said, what do you mean New York? You can't ever, nobody can win Republicans can't win us, I said, I can win New York, we can win New York, we're going to win New York. And if you vote for me, I'm going to reduce your taxes, reduce your crime, and reduce your levels of stress. The only thing that I will increase are your incomes and your love for your state will come roaring back again. Throughout American history, from generation to generation, New York has always set the standard for American life and they have, it's been a high standard too. Our cities were the center of business, arts, culture, our streets, ports, waterways, and they were the arteries of American commerce, they were absolute arteries. And our towns like Uniondale, Levitown, Hicksdale, Huntington, these were great, great towns where you grew up and you loved and you stayed. But look at what has happened to New York and the other states all run by radical left Democrats every single one of them. Our heavy industries have exported overseas and our middle class has been eviscerated, right here at home, been eviscerated. Housing costs are out of control, inflation has caused a typical family $28,000. Think of it, in less than four years, $28,000. And we filthy encampments, we have horrible disgusting, dangerous filthy encampments of junkies and homeless people living in places that our children used to play, Little League Baseball. Which they don't get to play very much anymore, do they? Over the past three years in New York City, there has been a 29% increase in robbery, a 36% increase in felony assault, a 42% increase in grand larceny, a 75% increase in car jacking street by nice car lately. Well, 200 police officers leave, the NYPD, New York's finest, I always say, I know it well, New York's finest. They leave every single month, 200 people a month, incredible people. They're incredible people. The trains and subways are squalid and unsafe, the median of our highway, all those medians they spend all that money, they're falling down, they're rotting. Businesses are fleeing, the mobs of illegal migrants are being put up in luxury hotels at your expense while our great veterans live on the freezing or steaming sidewalks right outside the main entrance to where the migrants enter their hotel. Think of it, we have veterans lying on this street, squall it, lying on this street, sometimes freezing, sometimes it's hot, it's summer. And they're looking at people come in, just came into a country and they're going up to the 17th floor of their suite, how crazy has our country become? And can you imagine what those veterans, when they watch this, must be saying, but listen to this, can you also imagine what the migrants must be thinking? They're saying, can you believe this, we just came from a place in many cases they were in prisons and now they're living in hotel suites while our veterans are living on the street. And so I say to the people of New York with crime at record levels, with terrorists and criminals pouring in and with inflation eating your hearts out, vote for Donald Trump, what the hell do you have to lose? What do you have to lose? What do you have to lose? Think of it, what the hell do you have to lose? You know, some of you remember that was a phrase that I used for our black population years ago in 2016. I said with the worst housing conditions, the worst education, the worst this, the worst that, the most crime I went through 12 different things and it wasn't on the sheets. And I'm saying, boy, that's really terrible. And I said, and I was at like 2% not too good. And I said to the black population gathered in front of me, vote for Trump, what the hell do you have to lose? I said that same thing. And you know what happened? I got eviscerated when I went backstage, I went backstage, but I'm not like Biden where he takes away, you know, I fight back with my people. Remember, we still signed a check. They said, sir, that's a terrible thing to have said. I said, what is, what you said, what the hell do you have to lose? It's terrible, it's demeaning, it's horrible. I said, but it's true. You know what happened? The next day, I picked up 10 points with the black population. And now, because of all we've done, we're at the highest level of black support in the history of the Republican Party. And by the way, the Hispanic support, do we have any Hispanics? The Hispanic support is off the charts, and they don't know what the hell to do about it. It's off the charts. And we just had some great polling come out. I think the most accurate poll over the last eight or nine years was Respuse, and they just came out with a poll that were five up, were five up. We should be 35 up, to be honest with you, but you know, some people can't break an old habit. That's really what it is. So I say to you vote for Trump, and I will turn it around very quickly with four more years of Kamala Harris. New York State will be like a third world nation if it isn't already. It is. I think it is. With Trump, the Empire State will once again be the envy of the entire world. We will have no crime only success. And unlike your current radical Democrat regime, I'm not driven by partisan ideology. I'm driven by results, and I'm driven by New York common sense. It's common sense. Right? Right? It's common sense. You know, I like to say the party. It is a great party. I like to say the party is really, you know, we're conservative and all that, right? Who knows? You know what we are? We're really people with common sense. We need walls. We need good elections. We want low taxes. We want great police officers that are well taken care of. We don't want to defund the police. We're the party of common sense more than anything else, and it's picked up a lot of steam. It's true. My first week back in the Oval Office, I will clean up and call up your governor and mayors all across your state. And I will tell them it's time to work together, they're largely Democrats. It's time to work together for the good of the people going to do it. And despite all of the persecution I've endured from the corrupt judicial system in New York, it's a corrupt system. I love the people of this state, and I want to give back. I want to give back to you. I've had a great life. I want to give back to you. We're going to give it back to you. We're going to make this city and we're going to make this state incredible again. Together we will rebuild our roads, bridges, highways and airports. They're falling apart, they're falling down. We will renovate New York subway, ought to be able to go to school in the subway. Can you believe it? I mean, I like to say it's not so long ago, but it probably is. What do you think Bruce? I guess it is. But my parents would drop me off in a subway and I'd go to Union Turnpike or I'd go to wherever I... They had no fear that I was going to be disappearing. They would take me to a subway, put me on and say, bye darling, bye. If you do that today, you have about a 75% chance that you'll never see your child again. What the hell has happened here? What has happened? We will renovate the New York subway so that the greatest city in the world finally has again the greatest transit system anywhere in the world. Well, you have the basics. We have to clean it. We have to take care of it. We have to give it a little love. And we have to get the criminals that hell out of there. We will once again support our incredible police officers, New York Spinas. A lot of them. You know, I've got the support to me. This is so important. I think to you, it's them. Every single police group in the nation is supporting me the other day. The fraternal order. It's the largest they gave us. 400,000 police. And they gave us a unanimous endorsement. We have it from everybody. We will work with the mayors and the governor to rebuild your defunded and depleted police forces, including New York's finest and NYPD. Look, I know so much about. I love New York's finest. I used to be in Brooklyn. I had an office with my father in Brooklyn. And we used to go in Brooklyn to a white castle. Did anyone ever hear of it? And my father would say, no, that's the best place. Only 12 cents, I remember. I remember 12 cents. Bruce, we had Bruce. How good is Bruce? Bruce Blakeman. One of the greats. He wanted an upset. You know, this was another. This is a Republican. He ran a couple of times. You couldn't beat this, this hoax of Democrats. He ended up winning. He's done such a good job. He's now unbeatable. They don't even run anybody against him. Great. Really great. We got a lot of them. Joe Cairo's here. We're going to win Joe. What do you think? Joe Cairo. Don't mess with Joe. Right, Joe? We love you, man. Your family's great, too. But I will stop the Kamala crime wave. And we will do everything we can. We're going to get these violent criminals behind bars. We're going to get them out of our country. We're going to take them back to the country from which they came. A few months ago, I visited with the grieving family of a New York City police officer, Jonathan Diller. You know, Jonathan Diller. I was hoping his family could be with us. He was just 31 years old. He was gone down during a traffic stop by a vicious thug, leaving behind his incredible wife, Stephanie and family. And family, their one-year-old son, what a son. And it's, are you here? They're here. They could be here. Is Stephanie here? Because you know, it was a bond. And she was so great. And I think she's here. It's hard when you have 19,000 people. And Stephanie, unlike a lot of my friends, doesn't want adulation. Honestly, what she wants more than she wants her husband back. That's what she wants. She doesn't want adulation. I have other friends. You'd find them. I have other friends if you said their name. They'd be jumping up here. I am here. Stephanie doesn't want that. What a great family. What a great family. What a great, great guy he was. The criminal charge was savagery murdering Officer Diller, who was previously arrested by the NYPD 21 times, right? 21 times, Bruce. And the accomplice driving the car had been arrested 14 times, but he was actually much worse. He was more vicious. 14 times, but he was actually far more vicious. This is the kind of story we hear every single day under radical Democrat policies like cashless bail, cashless bail. You kill somebody and you're out on the streets in two hours. Cashless bail has been a disaster for our country. Kamala Harris wanted it, no matter where she went, she boasted about being the leader of the movement of cashless bail just like she led the effort to defund the police. Now she's running for President, but a little while ago, like everything else, no fracking, no, she changed her mind. Now she says she likes the police. She can't say love, but she says like she's made a lot of progress, but you know the first thing that would happen is she will go to defunding the police if that's even possible to think about. But when I get back into the overlauvers, the madness ends and the law and order is going to return to our country. A fully reformed federal Department of Justice will deliver massive public safety funding for New York and other Democrat run cities that are under siege. But in exchange, they will give our police back their protection and their respect. We are going to take care of our police and we're going to respect our police. Everyone here does. I tell the officers all the time, you have no idea how the people love you, but sometimes they don't feel it because of what the Democrats do to them. They will end deadly sanctuary city policies. They will terminate cashless bail and they will return to proven policing methods like we had under Mayor Rudy Giuliani that made New York City the safest big city in America. So simultaneously we are going to make life in New York State affordable again, little word affordable. A vote for Kamala Harris is a vote for four more years of job losses. Look at what's happening. Businesses that are fleeing money draining out of your state and hundreds of thousands of illegal migrants sucking your public resources dry. Now, I've always heard for 20 years I've heard that New York City has no money and yet they're going to spend $3 billion on illegal migrants and they're not getting it from the federal government. You wonder they never had money but they have $3 billion to take care of people that came into our country illegally doesn't make sense. But under the Trump economic plan we will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, half because we have more liquid gold under our feet and we don't use it. We go to places like Venezuela when we have more than Russia, we have more than Saudi Arabia. You remember I got NWAR approved in Alaska, it's the biggest site anywhere in the world, probably bigger than Saudi Arabia, bigger than Russia. And what did they do in the first week in office, Ronald Reagan tried so hard he couldn't get it, I got it. The biggest site in the world, Alaska, and in the first week in office they terminated it. We'll have it back very quickly, I promise you that. We will rapidly defeat inflation, we're going to bring your prices down. All they're doing is they've cut it but you're up 55 or 60 percent. People that used to live a nice life four years ago, they can't afford an apple. A woman, they showed a picture of a woman the other day, I said, boy, that's sad, that should never happen or... She went to the counter, the cashier, she had three apples and when she was standing with the cashier, she realized she didn't have enough money for one of the apples and she took the apple, brought it back and she brought two apples, that shouldn't be happening in our country. That shouldn't be happening in our country. We will cut interest rates, cut insurance costs and insurance is horrible and massively we will cut your taxes again. I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country. And we have something else. Kamala Harris, as you look at her plan, will give you very simply the largest tax hike in American history. She's going to lift your taxes. This is the only person I've ever seen and biting to. They announced that they're going to raise your taxes and it's supposed to be good politically. I don't think so. I don't know. I've never seen that Anthony before where they say they're going to raise your taxes. They're going to raise your taxes. The vote for me, I'm going to raise your taxes. Can you believe it? I made a mistake, I shouldn't have done that because the news will say, vote for me, I'm going to raise your... They're going to attribute it to me, I can't do that. I told our great first lady I will not be sarcastic anymore. When you joke or when you're sarcastic the fake news will take a story like that. I'll say, I never said I was going to raise your taxes. Vote for me, I'll raise your taxes. Kidding, they're kidding, they're kidding, they're kidding. These people are the worst. When I imitated Joe Biden because he couldn't get off the stage. So I'd imitated him because he couldn't find the stairs and look around, he finished the speech with which last... The speech would last maybe three minutes, maybe a little less than that. And then he wanted to get off the stage and he'd always remember it always go like this. But remember when I was running, I said we're running against somebody who's actually much worse. Ready? And he'd go like this. And then he'd walk in a different direction, was it weird or something. And Secret Service did a great job that come up in the stage and they'd pull them out. Like today we have four or five stairs, you always have four or five six stairs. The more it's government owned the more stairs you have. But you always have a lot. So I said to our great first lady, who can draw a crowd? Did you watch me tonight on television first lady? People love our first lady out there. Go out and get a book. She just wrote a book. I hope she said good things about it. I don't know, I didn't. So busy. She just wrote a book called Melania. Go out and buy it. It's great. And if she says bad things about me, I'll call you all up and I'll say don't buy it. Get further. Now, but she said to me, I said, baby, did you see the crowd? We had 18,000 people. We could have filled it up three or four times. Bruce Blakeman said to me, you know, he said to me, you know, if we went to a stadium or a park, we would have had 100,000 people or more. So I told up my wife and I'd say, baby, who can draw a crowd? Nobody can draw a crowd like me. Nobody, not even close. I'm the greatest of all time. Maybe greater, even than Elvis, because Elvis had a guitar. I don't have a guitar. Elvis had a guitar. I don't have the privilege of a guitar. But I'd say, baby, who can do it like me? Nobody can do it like me. How great am I? And she'd say, you know, and she'd say, I'd say, how great was the speech? Not how good. How great was it? And she'd say, it was good, but your hair looked terrible tonight. Or the worst ever. So I said, how good was it first lady? And she said, it was good, but you couldn't find your way off the stage. I was imitating Biden and they said, I did it. I couldn't find my way off the stage. Now, so you can't be sarcastic. So our chasm with the media doesn't work. Okay, it does. So I've given up about 90% of it. I got all my friends here, Anthony. Anthony. Anthony stand up. Anthony's low mongeno, one of the greats of all time. We said, I have a big business problem. What? I have too much cash. I don't know what to do with it. I said, I've heard of, I've heard of worse problems than that. Anthony, right? He's doing good. He's a great, great businessman and a great person. Kabbalah wants income tax hikes, small business tax hikes, capital gains tax hike. How about the capital gains? She wants a tax unrealized capital gain. That means she wants to give you a capital gain. Even if you have stock, she wants to give you a capital gain, even if you didn't sell it. I know a lot of people that are very rich, but they don't have cash. They're rich, but they don't have cash. A lot of them. You know, it's like that farmers are like that. They have great land, great everything. They make income, but they don't have cash. And you know what I did for farmers and small businesses and the tax I can nobody talks about this. I got rid of the estate tax so that or the debt taxes they would call it. So that when you die and you pass it on to your children, who you love, if you don't love your children, then it's not going to do you any good. And there are those. Does anybody in this incredible arena, they did an A-Shop by the way, fix it. I remember the old one. Does anybody in this incredible arena not love their children? Who in the arena is rich and will not leave their money to their kids? Because if that's the case, then what they did for you doesn't mean anything. Do I have any hands? 20,000 people don't have no hands. Okay, who wants to leave their money to their kids? That's good. Well, you know, the old days you'd leave the money to the kids and what would happen? The kids would have to go out and borrow money that lose everything. They had a borrow money from a bank at a high rate of interest. Now they don't have to do that anymore. Now you can leave your farm, you can leave your small business to your kids. But Kamala wants to end that. She wants to end it. She wants to raise your tax to a level that nobody's ever heard of before and it's crazy. She will go in to a duper, I thought this was a wise guy coming up. This guy, I thought I'm getting ready. I'm going like this. You know, I got a little bit of a YIP problem here, right? That was amazing. I was already destructed. Do you can it out? I felt like my man in the front row here, stand up when you place. This is the toughest man. You know him? Do you all know? I'm going to introduce you later so you can see. He's that toughest guy. If somebody walked into the stage, he wouldn't be afraid. He would already be attacking the poor guy. Yeah, that was interesting. It's the first time that's ever happened, I think. Is he new to the game? I think so. By contrast, I will cut taxes for family, swap businesses and workers, including restoring the salt deduction, saving thousands of dollars for residents of New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and other high cost states. I'm going to restore salt. Jobs and factories will pour back into New York. I know how to do it better than anybody's ever known how to do it, and we can do it so easily. Wages will soar. The cost of living will fall, and I will deliver the greatest economy in the history of the world to our country, and one of the greatest economies in the history of New York State. And a key part of restoring safety and saving our economy is stopping the invasion at the border of our country. It's crazy. Under Borders are Kamala Harris. You know, she was the Borders are until she started looking at this situation until the coup. I say until the coup because it was a coup. But she was the Borders are now she said I was never the Borders are. You know what? Give her that. But she was in charge of the border. And the border is the worst run border in the history of the world. There's never been a border like this. 21 million people. Illegal aliens are coming in from all over the world, from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane is silence. Many tourists are coming in just to watch. You have to see this. You have tourists that line up to take pictures of it. They usually turn out to be the fake news and the pictures are so bad they never show it. You know, the fake news never ever talks about it, but we have massive numbers of terrorists coming in to our country. We have everybody coming in. We have people that can't speak the language. The great Tom Home and told me the other day great guy central casting guy great guy. He told me the other day last month. They figured it out for the last 12 months. 168 different countries came in represented and came into our country. Most people don't even know you have that many countries. You actually have over 200 but most people don't know. But I want to be known as one thing in 2016. I probably won because of the border. I did a great job. I cleaned it up and the border was good. And in 2020, even though I got millions and millions more votes, they said, sir, if you get the same number of votes as you did in 2016, 16, 3 billion, sir, you cannot lose. I got millions more and I lost. But you know what? We're going to have the greatest win in history when we pull this one off. I'm going to be legend. But in 2020, my people say, sir, it doesn't help you to speak about the border. Nobody cares. I said, I want to speak about the border. I did a great job. Sir, nobody cares. It's true. I talk about the border. Nobody cared. But now they care. Because now the border is 25 times worse than it was in 2016. Now the border is not even believable what's happening. And I want to be known as your border president. I'm going to be known as your border president. And Kamala will be known as your invasion president. Just let them all come in. Let them all come in. Now we got to save our country. Our country is going down. If you look at what's happening with the Venezuelans taking over, I mean, they're taking over large pieces of real estate in Colorado. And you have a Democrat governor who's petrified of them. He's afraid. I'd never seen anything like it. And he doesn't want to talk about it. They've taken over your buildings and your land. You got to do something about it. That wouldn't happen with Bruce Blakeman, I can tell you right now. Bruce, would you let people come in from a foreign country like Venezuela, where by the way, their crime rate is down 72% because they've taken their prisoners, they've taken their gangs, they've taken their drug dealers and they've shipped them all to the United States. So their crime rate's down. But Bruce, would you ever tell the people that you're supposed to be protecting when they call a lot of Venezuelaans are in here and they have very big guns. Would you say, listen, I don't really want to do anything about it. Would you do that? Or would you say, don't worry. We'll have a force of people over there within minutes and it would all be over, right? Right? I think so. Now he wouldn't play games. He wouldn't play games. But you know these people, the law enforcement, they're afraid in these places because it's so violent. They've never seen people like this. These are violent people that they're allowing into our country. It is truly an invasion and when not going to let it happen, we're going to take those violent people and we're going to ship them back to their country and if they come back in, they're going to pay a hell of a price. Thank you. We have no choice. We have no choice. It's not like, you know, this is not sustainable by any country. This is not sustainable. How about in Springfield, Ohio? They had 32,000. This is a little beautiful town. No crime, no problem. 32,000 illegal immigrants come into the town, 32. So they almost doubled their population in a period of a few weeks. Can you believe it? And you know what? They've got to get much tougher. I'm going to go there in the next two weeks. I'm going to Springfield and I'm going to Aurora. You may never see me again, but that's okay. I got to do what I got to do. Whatever happened to Trump, well, he never got out of Springfield. I'm leading in Ohio by like 15 points a lot. And we're going to take care of Ohio and we're going to take care of Colorado and we're going to take care of every single state in the Union. They're all under siege. A lot of people don't talk about. But think of this. So the mayor of Springfield, and I think he's a very nice person. But instead of saying we're getting them all out, we're getting them out. He says very simply, we're hiring teachers to teach them English. Can you believe it? We are hiring interpreters. So when they go to school and take the place of our children in school, we have an interpreter. Each one will have a private interpreter. What the hell is wrong with our country? No, no. We're getting them out of our country. They came in illegally. They're destroying our country. We're getting them out. They're going to be brought back to the country from which they came. I will protect our country. I will protect our country. Think of it. She will surrender our country. That's what they're doing. They still refuse to acknowledge that these people have to be taken out. And you start with the stone coal killers, the murderers, the drug dealers, you start, you get them out and you tell them if they ever come back, big trouble. But let me tell you what you really do. Some of them are so bad. You can't take the chance of sending them out because they'll come back. You lock them up and it's going to be there for a long time. And when they know that, when they know that, you'll see a whole big difference. As you know, here on Long Island, the open borders policies of Kamala Harris. And we really heard policies that the communist left. I call it the communist left. I've been importing MS-13 gang members by the thousands. I don't know what it is about Long Island, but I took thousands and thousands of gang members out. Do you remember the story? Remember I came into the presidency. And MS-13 was on my mind because I saw that in Long Island, two beautiful young girls were walking to school. They were 16 years old. And an MS-13 gang of deviants grabbed the girls and sliced them up into pieces. Not with guns. They didn't want guns. They killed the two girls. They sliced them into little pieces. And I never forgot that. And then I found out that things alike that are happening all over wherever they are. MS-13, the worst gang anywhere. The only thing good about that is they make our gangs look like very nice people. I want to tell you, these are the worst people, their animals. And Nancy Pelosi said, you shouldn't call people animals. That's not appropriate. They're animals. That's the philosophy. And I said, I got to the White House. And I said, they have a lot in Ohio, a lot in every state. And I said, I want MS-13 out of here. And they come from various places, a little bit south of Mexico. They come from Mexico too. And I said, what I want you to do is I want to bring them out. And in general, I said, sir, I'm sorry, sir. The countries will not, under any circumstances, allow us to bring them back in. They don't want them anymore, sir. I said, how long has this been going on? Many years during the Barack Hussein Obama has anyone ever heard of him? Many years, sir, under the Barack Hussein Obama administration, it's been going on for years so they won't take them. You know what they did? They would take Honduras. Okay. Think of it. They would take planes. And they would put them on the runways. They would put the planes, El Salvador, different countries, some of the roughest gangs. They put big commercial aircraft. So when a plane is going to fly in with two or 300 MS-13 killers, you couldn't land the plane. They said, sir, we can't get them back. All of the bus routes are blocked. We can't get the buses in. And when they know a plane is coming, they put planes on the runways. Sir, we won't be able to do it. I said, I think you will. How much money do we pay them for economic development of the dictators house? How much money do we pay them? General, I'll get back to you, sir. He comes back the next day. Sir, we pay them $750 million a year. It's a lot. Let me tell you, it's peanuts compared to some of the money that we pay. But it's a lot of money. I said, inform these countries that under no circumstances, are they getting any money anymore? They're not getting any money. They are delinquent. They're not allowing us to bring back people that they forced into our country through caravan. So they informed them. And the next day, I get to the Oval Office nationally. And I get calls from three particular countries separately. Sir, there seems to be a problem or misunderstanding. I said, yeah, there is a misunderstanding. You're not taking your MS-13 people that you sent into our country. You're not taking them back. And I'm going to not give any money to your country forever. You're never getting tensed. And in all cases, they said something to the effects. Sir, it is so bad that I didn't know about this. I wish I would have known about it. We would love to take MS-13 back into our country. We love the very much. We will take them back, sir. And that day, that afternoon, we started bringing them out of our country by the thousands and thousands. And the worst part of the story is, now I still didn't pay. I'm thinking about it. But now they're getting $4 billion a year under Biden. Biden said, do it. Maybe she knew about it. I don't want to blame her if she didn't. But $4 billion, you know why? Because he wants them to create a beautiful environment so that they say that that's not going to happen. Okay, the money is going to be stolen all over the place. So instead of $750, it's now at $4 billion. And estimated 75% of arrests in Midtown Manhattan and over 60% of arrests in Queens are now illegal aliens. Congratulations. Congratulations. And you know this. In Queens a few months ago, an illegal alien released by Kamala Harris. She was in charge of the border. Approach to 13-year-old children with a machete in broad daylight, forced them into the woods, tied them together by the wrists and raped them. And then injured them terribly, very badly, you know about it. In the Bronx, another illegal alien that Kamala Harris set loose into our country approached a 36-year-old woman while pretending to ask for directions. And then he said, I'd like directions to someplace. Before he wrapped his arms around her throat, pinned her down on a park bench and raped her all night and beat the hell out of her. And you know what she said? She said, he didn't rape me. He tried to kill me. That was her expression when the police came. Tony Ireland, a place I know well just weeks ago, two migrants, Kamala, let in raped a 46-year-old woman with a knife to her throat. She was badly, badly beaten, probably going to live. For every New Yorker being terrorized by this wave of migrant crime, and I've been talking about migrant crime for five years, I said, if you let them in, it's going to be hell. They are vicious, violent criminals that are being led into our country. They are people that they're countries who are very smart. They don't want them. That's why all over the world, a lot of people coming from jails out of the Congo in Africa. Where do you come from, the Congo? Where in the Congo? We come from jail. What did you do? We will not tell you. They're coming from the Congo. They're coming from Africa. They're coming from the Middle East. They're coming from all over the world. Asia. A lot of are coming from Asia. And what's happening to our country is we're just destroying the fabric of life in our country, and we're not going to take it any longer. And you've got to get rid of these people. Give me a shot. You will have a safe New York within three months. Three months. For every New Yorker being terrorized by this wave of migrant crime, November 5th will be your liberation day. It's going to be liberation because you are living like hell. You're living a life like hell. I will launch a special task force of elite federal law enforcement people, many of whom I already know that are tough and charge them with crushing the MS-13 remnants. You know, the problem is I got them out. Now they come back in. They just walk back in like there's nothing to it. But eliminating MS-13 and every foreign gang and organized criminal network opening up on American soil. They're coming in by the millions, not by the hundreds. They're coming in by the millions. Think of it. Probably 21 million people that's probably a low number. We can do all of this and more, but patriotic New Yorkers must get your asses out to vote. Get it out. Get it out. Harry, get up, Harry. Harry, get your fat ass out of the couch. You're going to vote for Trump today, Harry. Get up, Harry. Come on, let's go. Let's go, Harry. We got a vote. And I believe we have the vote. You know, it's an interesting thing. Even gelical Christians, they tend not to vote very much if they did. You'd never lose. Gun owners, I have the total endorsement of the NRA have had it from the beginning. Gun owners don't vote. Meaning they don't vote in a proportion that they should. Very small numbers vote. It's probably rebellion. Who knows what it is. The gun owners have to get out and vote. Evangelical Christians have to get out and vote. People have to get out. There are some groups that don't vote like they should. And we're going to win. We're pleased to be joined tonight by members of Congress that are really terrific, that are warriors, really warriors. And one of them in particular, I love what she did to that woman at Harvard, oh, that was not pretty. At least, Stephanie, where is Elise? Where is she? Where is she? She is so great. Where the hell is she? Thank you, Elise. Where she was great. Mark Molinara. Nick Lallota. Thank you, Nick. Great job. He's doing a good job. He has another one doing a good job. I gave him a big endorsement Anthony, DS Bizito. He's doing a great job. Thank you, Anthony. Salt. Salt Anthony, remember, fellow salt. Brandon Williams is doing great. Thank you, Brandon. Thank you very much. Nick Langworthy, terrific guy. Claudia Tennie, West Claudia. West Claudia. She's been amazing. Congressional candidates, Mike LePetrie. Where is my? Thank you, Mike. Good. I heard you're leading big. And Alison Espizito, she's that tough one. Alison, thank you. Thank you very much. It's tough, you know, when you have this many people, I'm looking around. Where's one person? Thank you very much, Alison. Beautiful. Senate candidate, Mike Sapriakone. Mike Sapriakone. Come on, Mike. Where's Mike? You got to win, Mike. We got to win that one, Mike. You could do that. You could do that. A former senator and a friend of mine for a long time. And we had disputes every once in a while, but generally, I would say it was a ten relationship. And he was a tough cookie, senator, Al D'Amato. Right? Good man. A good man. A great lawyer and congressman. And he helped me a lot during impeachment hoax number one and impeachment hoax number two. There were hoaxes. Congressman Lee Zeldin. He's great. And he's a big part of our campaign and I want to bring him to Washington with us. He's a great lawyer. Get ready. Ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, who's fantastic. A mayor who was a fantastic mayor. Very shy kind of a guy. He took crime. It was terrible. It was at a level that was as bad as today. And he made New York the safest big city in the world. Rudy Giuliani. Why? Rudy. Isn't that great? And his son, who happens to be a great golfer, a lot of people say, oh, how's Andrew? Not that good. Let me tell you. He's seriously good. Andrew Giuliani. Thank you. Thank you, Andrew. That a good job. And a very beautiful little boy who went through hell. But I brought him some presents. That's why I was late for you today. I brought him presents. I said, Liam, do you think the crowd of 20,000 plus a lot of people outside? You know we put up big televisions on the back of the building. But that's not like being here. It's wonderful. Hello out there. I hope you're enjoying it. Big, big beautiful screens. We have big screens. Not quite like being in the third row, first row. But Liam LeCastro is here. And he is a great young man. He's gone through a lot. But he's going to be better soon, right Liam? And I got him the most beautiful present. He's a great boy, great parents, beautiful sister. Also with us are members of New York City Firefighters Union, local 94, the largest in the city. Thank you, fellas. Incredible people. And in their honor, I'm on. And I think this is a big deal. Because in your honor, I am announcing tonight that as president, I will officially make the Ground Zero Site at the World Trade Center a national monument protected and maintained by the United States government. So that hallowed ground and the memory of those who've perished there will be preserved for all time, preserved forever. And you deserve it. A lot of great people. I've met him last week. Thank you. Well, and I met him last week with the ceremony. And it was a beautiful ceremony and met a lot of fantastic people. The New Yorkers who created the 9-11 National Memorial Museum really did an amazing job. Didn't they and many of them are here today and I want to thank them. And I want to ensure that their outstanding work is sustained forever. And that's what we've done by doing this. So we are just 48 days away from the most important election in American history, the most important, the most. Stand up. I just now you can stand up. They didn't put your name down. Turn around. Who is the name of him? He took care of business, right? It's my man. Good. Well, I'm glad I didn't forget you. Good guy. Good friend of mine for a long time. Whenever I had problems that look at him and they'd say, let's leave Trump alone. Thank you, man. Thank you. We appreciate it. Great, great gentleman. Kamala Harris is for wide open borders with terrorists and criminals pouring into our country more inflation, even higher than the last four years, which was a record. She wants to pack the Supreme Court. Think of that one. And today I heard it all. I thought they wanted maybe 11. Maybe they wanted 13. That's an unlucky number. So maybe it would be 15 instead of nine. But instead of nine, Kamala wants to bring up potentially as many as 25 justices so that they can rig the system like they rig everything else, including elections. And maybe one of the worst things of all, she is a true believer. And again, I said this before, if you wanted to fund the police, if you've been there even for a day in your mind, you wanted to fund the police even for one day, you are not qualified to be the president of the United States. Because anybody who wants to fund the police, we can't have it. We can't have it. It'll go down. It'll go down. We're not going to let. We're not going to let our country fail. It's too great. And you know what? If we don't win this election, it's very possible. We'll never have another chance. We have to do it. You have to get out. You have to vote. But Kamala vowed to abolish ice. She supports free healthcare for illegal aliens. How about that one? You don't get free healthcare. These are all things that she was for years. Now for the last little while, she said, no, I don't really think I thought was right anymore. 15 different things. She wants mass, ethnicity and citizenship for all illegals, which means totally bankrupting social security and Medicare. She wants to put illegal aliens into your social security and your Medicare system, which guarantees that bankruptcy. She says, we must not utter the words illegal alien again or radical Islamic terrorists again. And think of this. During her three and a half year, to me, this is the worst thing I talk about tonight. It's unbelievable. During her period of three and a half years, she was in charge of the border. She lost more than 325,000 migrant children, many of whom have been trafficked, rape, and rape. And many of whom are dead, many of whom are dead, think of what that is. That's like the Yankee Stadium filled up many, many times. Think of it. Think of it. As California Attorney General, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon and rape of an unconscious person. I never heard of this rape of a very unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. She vowed repeatedly to abandon fracking. She imposed a natural gas export ban that is crushing the state of Pennsylvania. I'm way up in Pennsylvania, by the way. This helps. She's not going to let. The day after the election, all of these things come back. I hope you know that. She praised the idea of a tax rate of between 70 and 80 percent. And her only idea for solving inflation is to impose communist inspired price controls, which have never worked. She pledged to abolish. Does anybody here have private health care? You worked hard. She wants to abolish anybody that's worked hard and made some money, private health care, no more private health care. And force everyone into a socialist government-run health care with high taxes and deadly wait times. And she even endorsed free sex change operations for illegal aliens in detention, all at taxpayer expires. Think of that one. They come into the country illegally and they say, I want to change my sex. Oh, that's okay. She's totally in favor of it. I'm sure she'll deny it now, but she, that's what she is. In 2021, Joe Biden tasked Kamala Harris with bringing broadband to rural America. The rural America was dying for it and gave her $42 billion to do the job. Three years later, right now, not a single home has been connected to broadband. Everyone say, what happened to the money? $42 billion is not one home. And in the Midwest, you read this, in the Midwest, they built eight charge stations. That's like a gas pump with electricity, right? Eight. They spent $9 billion to build HIG stations. Other than that, it really works well. I will end the electric mandate on cars. And I have to say this. Look, Elon Musk is great. He's a great guy. And he makes a great car. And as strong as I am on this, because I think they're incredible, but it's limited. Some people want them and some people love them. I think they're incredible. And he makes a great product. Maybe the best product I hear. And he understands this. Some people have to go far distances. Some people don't want the additional cars. Some people don't want their car built in China. Electric cars will be built in China. I'm going to bring back the auto industry. We're going to have gasoline, powered cars. We're going to have hybrids. We're going to have electric cars. We're going to have everything. The new one is hydrogen. I heard about that the other day. Hydrogen. There's one little problem. If it blows up, you're dead. It's great until one day, there's a little bit of a problem, Anthony. And it blows up. And when that happens, it's not a pretty picture. So I think I'll take a pass on that one if you don't mind for a while. And just today, three agencies of the Kamala Harris and Joe Biden administration, the FBI, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, they just released a report confirming that a ran actors hacked into the Trump campaigns email accounts and in turn sought to give the hacked materials to the Biden Harris campaign. They gave them all of the materials because Biden is working with a ran. And a ran doesn't exactly like me because they were ready to make a deal, except we had an election that was rigged in stolen. And look at what's happening to our world now. But no, a ran hacked into my campaign. I don't know what the hell they found. I'd like to find out. Couldn't have been too exciting. But they gave it to the Biden campaign. I can't believe it. Oh, yes, I can. But this is really foreign election interference. This is real election interference. Not the phony crap they've been trying to pin on me with Russia, Russia, Russia for years. Whatever happened to Russia, Russia, Russia. Remember the 51 intelligence agents? They said, no, no. The laptop from hell. It's Russia. No, it was Hunter. He's Hunter. Remember that. We had to go two and a half years and then they finally said, all right, the Mueller, remember Mueller? He said, in millions of phone calls, Trump didn't make one to Russia. They went through every phone call I met. Can you imagine? In millions of calls, not one call to be. And a lot of people apologize for that, but not enough people apologize. They wasted time and money. They spend hundreds of millions of dollars going after me. And they got nothing. They got nothing. But we cannot allow this insanity to continue anymore. That's why less than two months from now, we are going to tell Kamala that we've had enough. Kamala, you've been a terrible vice president. You will be an even worse president. We're not going to take it anymore, Kamala. Kamala, you're fired. Get out. You're fired. We're not going to take it anymore, Kamala. That was the little line from the apprentice, which I'm sure you haven't seen. Why, the great show. Was the apprentice good or what? From the moment we take back the White House from Kamala Harris, I believe we are going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country. Starting on day one, I will seal the border and stop the migrant invasion. And invasion, like no country has ever seen before, we will stop it immediately. We will carry out the largest deportation operation of criminals in America and history. We're getting them out of our car. We will make America the dominant energy producer in the world by far. We have more than anybody else. And we have literally, we have more think of it. We have more than Saudi Arabia. We have more than anybody else, especially when you add N-WAR in Alaska, which we will reinstitute immediately. We're going to use it along with growth. We are going to grow, grow, grow to start paying down our debt. We have $35 trillion in national debt. We were all set to do it. And then we got hit by COVID. We had a focus on that. And then we gave back. You know, I got a great, I got great marks on the military. We took out ISIS, wiped out ISIS, 100%. We did it in four weeks. It was supposed to take four years, five years. And I got great marks in the economy. I never got great marks in COVID because they didn't want to give them to me. But the fact is, we did an unbelievable job. Nobody knew what the hell it was. It came from China. It came from the Wuhan lab. I said all these things. And we did an unbelievable job. And we handed over a country whose stock market was higher than it was just prior to COVID. And it was just a place, you know, where do we care to COVID coming in? An amazing, but we did have to focus on that. Think of what China did to us. The world has $60 trillion, and millions, and millions of people dead over that disaster. that the whole world even China suffered very much. They suffered at the end more than almost anybody. I will turn the United States into a manufacturing superpower more than it has ever been before. We're going to bring back the car industry. We're going to bring back the car industry. Other countries that make us pay attacks to do business with them will be charged the same tax when they send their product into the United States. We have countries, not only China, many, many countries, many of them are allies. Some of the worst trading countries are allies. Don't let that word surprise you. They're allies. They're friends of ours and they take advantage of us horribly on the military with NATO and on trade. It will be called the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. And if China or any other country charges us a 200 or 100 or 300 percent tax, then we will charge them a like 100, 200, 300 percent tax and return. You charge us. We charge you. And my message is very simple. Make your product right here in Union Dale. Make your product in America. Make your product in America and only in America. And if you do that, Bruce, you won't have to pay attacks. And they'll be coming in here like you wouldn't believe, right? The worst that happens will take it a lot of money. But we don't even want that. We want them to make their product. We're going to bring back the auto industry. Right now, China is building some of the largest auto plants in the world and they're building them in Mexico. And they think they're going to build these massive plants. Literally the biggest in the world, they're going to make millions of cars and sell them without tax across our border. We will put a tariff on all of those cars to a point where they won't be able to sell them. Because we want them to build their plants in the United States and hire many of the people in this audience. And that's what's going to happen. And we also have something that's basic. But wow, people said, you're really smart. Where the hell did you think of this one? No tax on tips. So if you're a waitress, a caddy, a driver. But maybe better. No tax on overtime. And we'll get it done. We'll get it done. Unlike him with student loan debt that went nowhere just to talk. I get it all done. Remember what they say. Promises made, promises kept. That's me. And ready is for the seniors. Do we have any seniors in the audience? Raise your hand. You ready? No tax on social security benefits. No tax on social security benefits. And you know what you deserve it? Because you lived like hell with the highest inflation probably in the history of our country. And you couldn't make ends meet. Now you're not going to have to pay tax on your social security better. And I will always protect social security and Medicare. And they won't. They're going to destroy it. They're putting the migrants all over the place, including there. And while working Americans catch up, we're going to put a temporary cap on credit card interest rates. We're going to cap it at around 10%. We can't let them make 25% and 30%. We will terminate the green new scam and spend trillions of dollars. We're going to take the green new scam. One of the greatest scams in the history of our country. Remember when they used to say global warming? They don't say that anymore. They say climate change because the planet's actually getting cooler. Climate change. Climate change is different. Just chuck Zito. Oh, I feel safe with him in the front row. Are you afraid of climate change, Chuck? Because now it's no longer global warming because that wasn't working so well. Because it was getting cooler. Now it's climate change because that covers if it's warm or it's cooler. We're going to take all of that money. We're going to take it and we're going to rebuild. We're going to take this money from the green new scam. It's a green new scam. One of the greatest scams in history. And we're going to spend it on roads and bridges and real infrastructure. And we're going to pay down debt. Not fake infrastructure that's caused massive inflation. And has no benefit whatsoever for our country. And I'm going to put it in a new frame. I got along very well with Putin and Zelensky. And I will end the chaos in the Middle East. A vote for Kamala Harris is a vote to obliterate Israel. That's what's going to happen. Israel will not exist in two years. And by the way, we are closer to World War III right now and everybody's life in this beautiful room. I will stand with Israel and we will return a thing called peace through strength. And we're going to get it settled. We're going to get it done. We're not going to have war in the Middle East. We're not going to have war with Russia and Ukraine. You know, when I was there, we didn't have any war other than ISIS. I finished them off. We knocked out Al Baghdaddi, the founder of ISIS. Think of that. We knocked them off. It was supposed to take four to five years. I did it in four weeks. General, General Reisencane, what's your name? Cain, sir, what's your first name? Well, they call me Reisen. I said, your name is Reisencane. That's the general I was looking. He did it in four weeks. The Russian attack on Ukraine and the October 7th attack on Israel. Would never have happened if I was President. Would never have happened. Think of what the world would be and think of what our nation would be with no Russia, Ukraine war, no October 7th disaster in Israel. And the Middle East, it's just inflamed right now. It's inflamed like nobody's seen it for 50 years. No inflation and energy dominance. That's what they would have. Energy dominance. We'd have no inflation. We wouldn't have either the Middle East or the Russia, Ukraine. What a different world there would be. Wouldn't it be? We can't let them cheat on elections anymore. We can't let it out. We will rebuild our cities including Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. Right now we have a capital that when you go down there, you have a damn good chance of being hurt, bugged something. And we will keep the U.S. dollar as the world's reserve currency. We're losing that, but I'll keep it. I'll keep it. China wants to take it over. And if that happened to us, that would be like losing a war. That would be the biggest thing. That would make us the Third World country. We will keep our dollar as the reserve currency. Remember I said it, and it will be easy. It will be easy. But this is how we will end the era of inflation, mayhem, misery, under Kamala and Crooketjo, and at least safety prosperity and peace for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed. That's what we're going to do. Together we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, low inflation, so that everyone can afford groceries, a car, and a home. Very simple. Right? We will stop the invasion and migrant crime, support our police, strengthen our military. I want to wish a happy 77th birthday to the United States Air Force. And if you remember, I created Space Force, which was the last since Air Force, which will soon be five years old, Space Force is turned out to be very important. We will build a missile defense shield around our country, keep critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools, and we will keep men out of women's sports. We will defend the Second Amendment, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections, and we will secure our borders. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and the crooked Democrats, so we must stop her country destroying liberal agenda once and for all. So get everyone you know and vote. We want a landslide that is very simply too big, too big to rig. Great Bruce, too big to rig, Joe, too big to rig, too big to rig, Joe. I think we can do that too. In November 5th, we will save our economy. We will rescue our middle class. We will reclaim our sovereignty and restore our borders. We will put America first, and we will take back our country, because together we will make America powerful again. Make America wealthy again. Make America healthy again. Make America strong again. Make America proud again. Make America safe again. Make America free again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. We love you. We love you. Thank you. God bless you all. Nice evening.