# YouTube Video Transcript
# Channel: Unknown
# Upload Date: Unknown
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nyZJZf7_1c
# Language: en
# Extraction Method: whisper
# Confidence: 75.0%
# Whisper Model: tiny
# Extracted: 2025-08-21 17:25:49

================================================================================

Wow, it's not too hot out here, right? You know, it's not bad. I heard it was going to be terrible. I heard it was going to be so hot. Did you see we put out a note of saying, don't come. It's only 20,000 people showed up. It's never been anything like this, but it's great to be back in the beautiful, that beautiful state. You know, the state. We love it, and you always have to say it correctly. Nevada, you know, you've got to go with Nevada. With thousands of proud hard work in American patriots, and that's what you are. With your help we're going to win Nevada. We're going to defeat your Biden-loving radical-F Center, to Jackie Rosen, who's terrible. By the way, she's a terrible center. We're going to knock off the Biden-Grin family, as a Biden family of crime, including the fact that they've weaponized the Department of Justice like has never happened in this country. We're going to end the week and failed regime of Cricket Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of our country, and we're going to make America great again. For three and a half years, the people of Nevada have had a front row seat to Joe Biden's evil and criminal obliteration of our southern border, was criminal what he's done. Did you see the other day came out with a little plan? Let's make it a little bit tougher, because he's getting killed in the poll. We're leading here by like 12 points, you know, that. All we have to do is stop the stealer. We haven't made. Just stop the stealer. We can't let that happen again. Last week, Cricket Joe signed an executive order that is pro-invasion, pro-child trafficking, pro-woman trafficking, pro-human trafficking, and pro-drug dealers. It's a pro-drug dealer bill. It's weak. It's ineffective. It's bullshit what he's saying. Wow. That's turning out to be like a deplorable. Remember deplorable when Hillary said deplorable? She said deplorable, and that was not good. That was not a good word to use. This word seems to be catching on a little bit, but in a much more positive way than deplorable. That was not good. She actually said deplorable and irredeemable. I said, wow, that irredeemable is really a bad word. It didn't catch on. What caught on was deplorable. So what the hell do I know about politics, right? Millions of people will continue pouring in, and they're coming right through the border like they've never come through before what he signed means nothing. It facted makes it easier. In my opinion, it opens the border still further. We have people coming into our country. We're going to end up making it. And I say this, and I say it all the time, November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. If Joe Biden truly wanted to sign an executive order to stop the invasion right now, all he needs to do is say I hear by immediately reinstate every single border policy of a gentleman named Donald J. Trump. You know, he doesn't need anything. He could have done this. He's little late, by the way. Number one, he's late. Number two, it's meaningless, what he signed. Just a PR employee. As usual, it's disinformation, misinformation, talk. They talk, talk, talk is our country goes down the tubes. Less than four years ago, I handed Cricket Joe the strongest, most secure border in the history of our country. We never had a border like that. We built 571 miles of border wall. It was unbelievable. We ended all, catch and release. We had the remaining Mexico, safe third country. And we had also title 42. You remember everything was so good. If this guy just, you know, goes to the beach all the time. Somebody thinks he looks good at a bay thing. See that all the time. And he has that little chair that weighs about like seven ounces. It's been so children can lift it and very old people can lift it. And you know what? He's that old. He's incompetent. He's not old. He's not old. I know people that are 88, 89, 92. Men named Bernie Marcus, founder of Home Depot. He's Bernie Marcus is 95, I think. And he's 100, you talk to him. He's 100% sharp. This guy is just something missing. And there always has been, by the way. He always had the worst and dumbest foreign policy. There always has been under the Trump administration. If you crossed our border illegally, we caught you. And we brought you back. We took you back from where you came. It was very simple. We had the greatest think of it. Early at a do is leave my people in place. Leave everybody in place. And he wouldn't be going through this right now. I think it's one of his many big problems. I think the Afghan situation was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, actually. He has a lot of bad days. I could name him, but we don't have enough time. We only have a few hours. We don't have enough time. And by the way, it's 110, but it doesn't feel it to me, right? So we'll say it here for a little while. If anybody gets tired, you're letting go. And if anybody goes down, if you start going down, we have people that'll pick you up right away. They'll throw water. You know, there was so worried. Everybody was so worried yesterday about you. And they never mentioned me. I'm up here sweating like a dog. Secret service said, we have to make sure everyone's safe. I said, what about me? Oh, we never thought of that. They don't think about me. I'm working my hands off. I'm working hard. This is hard work. Front road Joe. Front road Joe. Under Biden, the invasion is a just a disaster. What's happened? It's never happened like this. It's less than four years. Crooked Joe has imported more illegal aliens into our country than at any of the time. And the history of our country times may be 50. There's never been anything like this happening to our country. They're changing the fabric of our country. They're destroying our country. They're doing things that are unthinkable. This open border. So many bad things. But this open border situation where you're allowing millions of people to flood our country, we can't handle it. No country could handle it. It's not sustainable. The entire world is emptying their prisons and jails in St.S. In St.S. In mental institutions, they're emptying them out into your state. But they're emptying out into all 50 states. They're coming in. And there's no such thing as a border state anymore. The border is so meaningless. They just walk right through. They go right through the so-called border states. And they end up in Iowa. They end up in Idaho. Remember when Joe said it's great to be in Idaho. And he was in Iowa. He always does that. If I ever did that, it would be over. They'd say that's the end of his political career. He's cognitively impaired. No, no, you know, I had a second test. I asked it. I asked both of them. Not easy days. Biden should have a cognitive test. Number one. They say it's unconstitutional. That's a good excuse. He should have a cognitive test. And before the debate in two weeks, he should take a drug test because I'm willing to tackle. So Nevada's being turned into a dumping ground in you are. The whole country's being turned into a, an average of a year. And I asked them to take a drug test. And I asked them to take a drug test. So Nevada's being turned into a dumping ground in you are. The whole country's being turned into a, an absolute dumping ground for what's happening in Venezuela. Here's a statistic that's a terrible statistic. So countries are dumping all of their criminals into our country, right? And also some people that are not criminals but are not productive. They're not going to be productive. They're not exactly going to make America great again. And they're coming in here in huge waves in the caravans and they might think I came up with, I came up with a lot of good days. Like crooked Joe used to be crooked Hillary. I took it off. Now we call her beautiful Hillary because we don't care anymore about that. We call it, because what was better, crooked Joe was sleepy Joe. Well, we, okay, let's have a poll. I'll change it. He's both. He's both. He's crooked. Okay, wait. We'll do a poll. We'll go sleepy first and then we'll go, which is a better name for Joe Biden. Sleepy Joe. Or crooked Joe. Or crooked Joe. So invent as well as, Invalid as well as they took all of their criminals are very heavily crime-written country. They took all of their criminals and they dumped them into a place called the United States of America. They're down to about 40% left and they're all coming. I can't believe it took them so long. If I were the heads of one of the many, and this happening all over the world, if I were the heads of one of the countries, I would have been totally a hundred percent by now. The crime rate they just announced is down 72%. So they're crime. So next year what we'll do is we'll meet in Venezuela because it's going to be a lot safer. Unless one thing happens, unless you make me president in which case, we'll be very soon. So last year, I'd stare at you. This is far as the, look at all the fake news back there. Look at all the fake news. They are fake. Did you see Biden yesterday in Normandy? He was in France. He embarrassed us so badly, right? Does everyone know that? He embarrassed us so badly, it was terrible. It's just terrible. This is not a representative for what used to be the greatest country. This country is really, we are a nation and major declined and we're going to stop it immediately. Last year, a father from Pasadena, Texas came home from work to find that his 11-year-old daughter was strangled to death. She had been sexually assaulted and her body had been stuffed into a trash bag thrown in a hamper. He came home to find this. Put under the bed. Found his daughter. They were looking for his daughter. Everyone's looking at his dead under a bed cut-up. George with the murder was an illegal alien monster who had just infiltrated our border, released by Crook and Joe Biden came in through the Biden administration. It was very hard to get in through the Trump administration. I mean, you're never going to have it perfect, but we had it about as close as you're going to get. We had it. We had the best border in the history of a country. We had the least drugs coming in in over 34 years. And now the drugs are pouring into our country. But they let this monster loose to pray on innocent children. And we'll probably have a lawyer who'll get out. Other people don't get out. They indict guys like Trump for what? The election was rigged. You know, let's indict him for saying that. Whereas you got guys like this. You got guys that killed people. And they're fine. They're just fine. Now, we're screwed up as a country. We're going to unscrew it very quickly. It's going to take place very quickly. And then you had the horrific case of Lincoln Riley. I got to know the parents well, the family well. The young nursing student top of her class. She was from Georgia. And she was savagely beaten, horribly beaten, killed. And the Joe set loose this monster into our country. Wouldn't have come into the country under us. And then on top of everything else. When I met the family, they were so beautiful, so incredible. And Joe Biden couldn't pronounce her name. He talked about her in Congress. And he was only forced to talk about her. But he apologized to her killer for calling him illegally. Called him in illegal alien. And everybody got angry at him. So he started apologizing not to the family of Lincoln Riley. But he apologized to the killer because he called him a killer. This is where we are. Under the Trump administration, we will not be apologizing for all of these people that are coming in illegally. Because there won't be many people that come in illegally anymore. They'll come in, but they'll come in legally. You'll be able to hire them. And you'll be able to work with them. But we want people to come into a country that have to come in legally. Okay. So with his border, nightmare, Joe Biden is also waging an all-out war on the workers of America, especially African Americans and Hispanic Americans and African Americans are the suffering most with this incredible illegal alien group that's coming in and staying in our luxury hotels. And you know what, they're being put up in hotels. Some of them are luxury hotels. And by the way, just in case you're wondering, I got no telepropters and I have from the beginning. These people, that probably means we'll make a better speech. Now I got no teleprop. You know, I pay all this money to teleprop to people. And I'd say 20% of the time they don't work. They don't work. The things waving around, they can't tie it a little bit tighter. I'm trying to look at it. So we're all in this together, everybody. We're all in this together. Just a mess. I had one in Ohio where we had 45 miles in our wins. You were there. This is a front road Joe. He's at everyone. This guy wouldn't be incredible. He's gone to 250 if he voted for Biden. He's going to vote for Biden. I don't think so. I think it would be suicide before Biden, right? And then we have the wall. We come to the human wall. He's been here so much. And these are great Americans. They're great, great Americans. But we had one in Ohio where that teleprompter was like the sale of a selling boat. We had 50 mile an hour, wins almost 50. And Bernie Marie and I had to go up and do it for Bernie. And before I started my speech as I was walking off, as I'm coming down the runway, walking off the runway onto the stage, the teleprompter's got blown to pieces. We had 60,000 people. And I was standing up there all by myself. And I said, we got a problem. I got no teleprompter. I got no notes. And we had one of the greatest days. Don't you think? You think Biden could do that? I don't think so. And by the way, and Bernie won his primary, and he wanted convincingly. So we obviously did a good job, but it was good. And now I think he's going to be a man named Brown, a senator named Brown. You have a good man named Brown right here. You know, very good. They have a man that's not so good. They have a man that's not so good. And I think Bernie Marie no one in Ohio is going to win. But it's the same thing. So these things are virtually useless. But I'll refer to them every once in a while for that. It is crazy. The illegal immigrants are turning, and they're turning at a level that nobody's ever seen before. They're fighting our families. They're totally destroying our black population. They're totally destroying our Hispanic population. And you know what I'll say destroying. And for you, it means a little bit less, but it means quite a bit. In this state, they're killing unions. They're killing unions. Because the unions are not able to survive. They're not able to survive this onslaught. It's making them impossible. They worked hard. They worked long to get their salaries up a little bit. They're not able to do it. Virtually 100% of the new jobs under Biden have also gone to illegal aliens. Did you know that? 100%. And you know, these people, these people are so bad. They will correct me when I say 100%. 100% of the new jobs have gone to illegal aliens. Can you believe it? And that's where we are. Meanwhile, real wages of African Americans and the workers from all over the world that came here legally, they're down 6% under crooked jobs. I thought I'd be wilting up here. The only thing that pisses me off of the teleproptives. It's so much easier. The only thing that pisses me off of the teleproptives. It's so much easier. The only one that can't read a teleprompter is Joe Biden. It doesn't help him. But I thought what I do is I'd read if you want. Should I do it? Should I do it? Because it's about the border. You know, in 2016, we had a great campaign. And it was mostly about the border. Marjorie would tell you, Marjorie, telegrams here someplace. It was about the border. Where the hell is Marjorie? Right? It was about the border. Great. She's not from this particular section, but they levered the section too. But it was about the border. And I did such a good job that in 2020, where we got millions of more votes that we did in 2016. But I couldn't talk about the border. But now, if you look at it, what's happened is unbelievable. What's happened with respect to the border. This border is 20 times worse. 2016 was terrible. But this is a different league. This is a different level. This is the worst border in the history of the world. There's never been no third world country has a border like that. And no third, I'll tell you what. No third world country has weaponization where they go after political candidates like we have either. This guy can't get elected anything without cheating. The only way he can get elected is to cheat. And the way they're using it this time, because it's harder to go without the COVID. They use COVID to cheat and lots of other things. But this time they're using weaponization of department of justice. Go into see the local DAs. Go into see the attorney generals to cheat. But the border is a big deal. And this is somehow caught on. So everybody wants to hear the snake. Okay. Can you hear me in the back? You know, I wish the cameras would focus on the people here. They never show it. They never take even the sort of friendly ones. You know, I say, Femai friendly. You know, the friendly ones. I do a great show with Sean Hannity or Jesse or Janine or Laura or somebody. And we do a great show. A lot of great people. And then they put on commercials that are just horrible. And they're false. I say, what the hell are you putting commercials on like that? I do a show and then they put four commercials on. It is so stupid. And they shouldn't be doing that. They shouldn't be doing that. The other side fake news CNN, which of course has no ratings. Although they are doing the debate. They'll get some ratings for the debate. They're going to get big ratings. So this is about our border. And it was a song written a long time ago, not about the border. We made a couple of minor changes. But it's very true. And I think it's very true. It's just that happy birthday. Thank you, darling. Don't tell me that, I don't want to hear that. I don't want to hear it. Thank you. I wish. Thank you. You know, there's a certain point that which you don't want to hear happy birthday. You just want to pretend the day doesn't exist. But anyway, but there's still a big difference. You know, there's still a big difference. It's long, long way. My father lived a long time. My mother lived a long time. And they were happy. And they were great. So maybe we're going to live a long time. I hope so. But we're going to definitely. We're going to turn this country around. We're going to turn it around really fast. We're going to do the things that you've wanted to do. We're going to bring it back to four years ago and do even more. We, you know, people are saying to themselves, where we better off four years ago or we better off now. And it wasn't even close. We had the greatest economy in history. What we did in taxes, nobody's ever done. Even Ronald Reagan gave a big tax cut. I mean, I watched him yesterday when Macron and Macron's a sharp guy. You know, he's for France, right? He's for France with for this. And Biden doesn't even know where the hell he is. And especially in one particular instance, that was not good, yes. And I believe that happened, okay? And he makes up stories. He said something about me that I stood over the graves of soldiers. Nobody loves the military more than me. Nobody. Nobody respects it. And nobody's. Nobody's treated it better. Nobody's done as much for the military as I have. But he said I stood over graves of soldiers. And I said, these people are suckers and losers. I think dead soldiers from World War I. I said, this was a made-up deal. From a magazine that's failing financial disaster by a guy that is a horrible radical left lunatic named Goldberg, they made up a story that I said this. And they put it out and it's been going around for three years. And it's just like Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine. 51 intelligence agents that phony story remember the laptop is from Russia. They said, and they should be prosecuted for what they did. Okay, they should be prosecuted. Let's see what happens. But they can imagine. And now they took an ad. They know it's phony. They know it's false. And now they took an ad using it. These are sick people. And I hope the military, I hope the military revolts at the voting booth. And just says, we're not going to take it. They can say anything. They're a party of misinformation, disinformation, cheating on elections, open borders, high interest rates and high taxes. That's all. And you can't get elected like that. So they make up stories, disinformation, a story like that. Think of it from a practical standpoint. I'm standing there with generals and military people. In a cemetery. And I look at there, I say, these people are suckers and losers. Now think of it. Unless you're a psycho or a crazy person or a very stupid person, who would say that anyway. But who would say a timilitary people with military? Because as president of the United States, I would say, if I made that statement. If I have generals here, if I haven't, I would imagine that most of them would end up in a major fist fight with the president. Okay? And you know what? I would have said it was okay. One instance is now, they made up a story. They just out of thin air, just like a lot of the fake stories that made up by these people. Because they're among the most dishonest people in the country, the fake news, their dishonest people. So they made up this story and they go with it like I said it. And you know what? Some people believe it because they believe it. You know, they hear it from these people. They believe it. It's a shame. It's a shame you can get away with it. But we have to talk, if we don't talk about this happened three years ago, and my genius is said, oh, sir, don't mention it. Because nobody believe it. But it just never goes away. I got to mention it. I don't like mentioning it. But for me to say suckers and losers about people that died in World War I, in front of military people, it's not a possibility you could say a thing like that. So it's a shame. It's a shame. That's why we have to win. We have to bring our country back from this horrible abyss because we're really, we're doing really badly. And this is one of the reasons why. So this is entitled, this snake on her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw, a poor, half-frozen snake, his pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. Poor things, she cried, I'll take you in and I'll take care of you. Take me in, oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman's side, the vicious snake. She wrapped him up, all cozy, in a comforter of silk, and laid him by her fire side with some honey and some milk. She heard home from work that night as soon as she arrived. She found the pretty snakes he taken in, had been revived. Take me in, oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman, side, the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. You're so beautiful she cried. But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died. She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight. But instead of saying thank you, man, this snake gave her a vicious, a vicious bite. By vicious bite. Take me in, oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman, side, the vicious snake. I saved you cried, the woman, and you're so tender and so nice. But you know that if I hadn't taken in, your skin would not look so good, and you would have bitten me, but why? Why did you bite me? Please, please, tell me, why? Why did you bite me? You know you're by this poisonous, and now I'm going to die. Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well, I was a snake before I took you in. And that's happening at a border. You see, because we're taking in people that are a disaster for our country. So it's all happening at our border. And we're taking in people at levels that have never taken. This has never happened before. Ever, never, and we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let them ruin our country. We're not going to let them destroy our country. So I want to tell you a couple of things, and this is the first time I've ever made this. Shut it. Thank you. So this is the first time I've said this, and for those hotel workers and people that get tips, you're going to be very happy. Because when I get to office, we are going to not charge taxes on tips. People making tips. We're not going to do it. And we're going to do that right away. First thing in office, because it's been a point of contention for years and years and years. And you do a great job of service. You take care of people. And I think it's going to be something that really is deserved. More importantly, popular own popular. I do some on popular things too if it's right for the country. I do what's right. But so those people that have jobs and restaurants, whatever the job may be, a tipping job, would not going after for taxes anymore of this will be ended. And I announce that for the first time, first time I've brought it up. First time anyone's brought it up. I think it's never been brought up before. And I also think it's very appropriate. So we have a president who is destroying our country. We have a president who wants all electric cars in a very quick start. He wants to have all electric cars. Everything has to be electric. And by 2030, that's in six years from now. And you know what? Electric cars are fine. They have a problem. They don't go far. They cost a lot to buy. And they're all made in China. Other than that, I think they're wonderful, right? And I'm going to end that mandate on day one when I get to office. I met with the truckers over the weekend. And great Roger Pensky is a trucker. He's also a great Indianapolis. He wanted 20 times. Can you believe it? Think of how smart you have to be. Japan, Germany, all these nations. They spend billions and billions of dollars trying to win the Indianapolis 500. And Roger Pensky's won. He just won it again. He's won it 20 times. That's the kind of brain power we need. That's what we wanted on military. And we have people like that. A lot of them are shut out because they're woke. The woke stuff will be gone within a period of 24 hours. I could tell you. And go out and buy Pete Hegg says, book because he tells you about it better than anybody. Pete Hegg said he wrote a book. He tells you about the woke military. But I will tell you, we defeated ISIS and they weren't woke. They weren't woke. We have great generals. We have unbullet. Not the guys on television. We have great generals. We defeated ISIS in a record time. It was going to take five years. They thought I would remember in one circle, take five years. I went to Iraq. I met with the generals. I met a general raising cane. His name was Raisin. His first name was Daniel Cain. They called me Raisin. I said, you mean your name is Raisin Cain? I love that. I love you. I've been looking for you anyway. A long story. You've heard the story. But we knocked him out in five weeks. He was supposed to take five years. He said, well hit him from the left. We'll hit him from the right. We'll hit him underneath. They don't top. We'll hit him. They won't know what the hell happens. How long will it take? Four weeks. Maybe you'll have time left over. I said, how come they tell me in Washington five years? Because they don't know how to fight sir. They don't know how to fight. We have a great military. We have a great great military. So I'm going to end the electric mandate. We're going to end the electric mandate. Also on truckers. So the truckers come to see me. They say a truck going to California. They like that. Tell him to make the microphone louder. It's terrible. Yeah. He just came up. Are the teleprompters not working? So not even a little bit. I'm not going to be a little bit. I'm not going to be a little bit. I'm not going to be a little bit. I'm not working. So not even a little bit. Great job. And then I don't pay the company that doesn't. And then I end up with a story Trump doesn't pay. I don't pay contractors that do a shitty job. And that's a shitty job. That's a shitty job. You can't read or work. But you know why to usually ends up in the spacious palace crazy. Then they say, isn't it terrible? Trump takes advantage of his kind of, I take great. And I have a good contractor, a subcontractor. Nobody gets paid faster. But when I have contractors that do this kind of work, you can have him. Could you imagine if Biden was up? He's no good with the teleprompters. I've said, but could you imagine if the teleprompters were off his side? He's a, oh. He wouldn't even say anything because he's incapable. He'd probably go pause, you know, pause. How about what he's reading the teleprompter? And then they say pause, meaning, you know, maybe you'll get about three people clapping. And he goes pause. No, he just woke off the stage like this. Oh, teleprompter. Well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This guy is the worst. You know, I always treated him with a certain respect. He hated the election was rigged in solid, whether you like it or not. Big big. We did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016. Got millions more votes, everybody knows that they said if you got the same number, we got millions of more votes. Million. That's by them. That's by them. But you know, when he indicted me over nothing, they opened up a whole new box. And then I got indicted again and again and again. I was never indicted. It appeared in this little tiny period of time. I was like a ping pong ball. Sir, they indicted you here. They indicted you and Georgia. They indicted you in New York. Then they indicted you again in New York. And it was all over. I'll, can I use that word again? But you'll use it. A disgrace. A disgrace. And what they've done is they've weaponized the Department of Justice. The only thing they didn't understand is that we just had the largest fund raising effort in a period of one week than anybody has ever had. Did you know that, Marshall? We took in hundreds of millions of dollars and much of it was small money donors. What's called, they spent average $71. Hundreds of thousands of people, hundreds of thousands of people contributed. That they wouldn't have except for the court case. And our poll numbers are higher now than they were before because the people are watching. And they know a fake deal. And this guy can't get elected without it. He can't get elected. He's incompetent. He's an incompetent person. But I never treated him this way. When I got indicted the first time. And then it was like, sir, you've been indicted again. I heard that we're going to do it someplace else and they stopped it. They said, don't you weren't dating this guy into office. The people get it. Normally when that happens, they go to the microphone and they announce ladies and gentlemen I'll be going home with my family and I'll be fighting for my name. That's the last year I've had here from the person. We have higher poll numbers now than we've ever had. Too big to rig. That's what we want. Too big to rig. Too big to rig. Too big to rig. Too big to rig. That's what we want. I have higher numbers that we've ever had. We're leading this crooked thief of a president. And I would never have said that before. I didn't speak glowingly. He's a lousy president anyway. But I would never have said. He's a corrupt, very dumb person. He's a low IQ individual. And he always was. This is an age. He's worse now than he was 10 years ago. But if you go back 30 years ago, he was considered the dumbest person in the U.S. Senate. Ted Kennedy told me that himself, who is a friend of mine, which is shocking that he was a friend. He's a slightly different persuasion, but he told me that he's the dumbest person in the Senate and he has been from day one. How about this on the documents? They go after me for documents. And then they find out that Joe has 10 times the number of documents. And me, I said you have to be kidding. And they released him. I said, I don't want to be released like that. They released him in the basis that he's incompetent. He can't stand trial. I said, oh, I see. So he can't stand trial, so then I could have charged him. On 50 years worth of classified documents. He's incompetent. He won't have to stand trial. But he's allowed to run for president. So think of that. You have a guy that can't stand trial. He's not allowed to buy the U.S. attorney the man doing it her. Mr. Her. Now, I've never heard of this before because he wasn't incompetent. He was never smart. He wasn't incompetent in 15. This is 50 years worth of documents. So he got off in a sense. He got off. I said, I don't want to be. I don't want to get off like that. I did nothing wrong. It's presidential records act. I did nothing. We have a deranged individual named Jackson. He's a deranged dumb guy. He's a dumb son of a bitch. And what he did, and I just want to get off normal. Can you imagine, sir, they're exonerating you. They consider you to be incompetent. And therefore, because you're incompetent, they're going to exonerate you. I said, I don't want that. Let me let me be guilty before they do that. But think of it. They say he's incompetent. And therefore, he can't stand trial. But he can run for president. And this is what you're voting for. And I never talked about this guy like this. But you watched him yesterday. And he is so bad for this country. They're all laughing. Everyone's laughing at him. A whole world is laughing except for the fake news back there that tried to pretend he did a good job because they have fake and decided. So we have a country that's in trouble. We're going to end the mandate on electric one day. They want to make all boats, too. I went to a boat company in South Carolina. The boat. I said, how is it? He said, it's a problem, sir. They want us to make all electric boats. He's a boat center from 16 to 35 or so feet, fishing boats, leisure boats, beautiful company in South Carolina. Beautiful. Guys been doing it for 50 years. He sells hundreds of boats every couple of months. I mean, really fantastic guy. And they use the mercury engines and different engines in the back, no problem. They want to take that out. They want to make it all electric. He said, the problem is the boat is so heavy. It can't float. I said, that sounds like a problem. He said, also, it can't go fast because of the weight. And they want to now have a 50-bile or a 70-mile radius. You have to go out 70 miles before you can really start the boat up. And you go out at two knots. That's essentially almost like two miles an hour. I say, how long does it take you to get out there? Many hours. And then you're allowed to go around for 10 minutes, but you have to come back because the battery is only last for a very short period of time. So I said, let me ask you a question. And he said, nobody ever asked this question. And it must be because of MIT, my relationship to MIT, very smart. He goes, I say, what would happen if the boat sank from his weight? And you're in the boat. And you have this tremendously powerful battery. And the battery is now underwater. And there's a shark that's approximately 10 yards over there. By the way, a lot of shark attacks lately. Did I notice that? A lot of sharks. I watch some guys justifying it today. Well, they weren't really that angry. They beat off the young ladies' leg because of the fact that they were not hungry, but they misunderstood what Hushi was. These people are great. He said, there's no problem with sharks. They just didn't really understand a young woman swimming now or really got decimated and other people to a lot of shark attacks. So I said, so there's a shark 10 yards away from the boat, 10 yards, or here. Do I get electrocuted? If the boat is sinking, water goes over the battery, the boat is sinking. Do I stay on top of the boat and get electrocuted? Or do I jump over by the shark and not get electrocuted? Because I will tell you, he didn't know the entry. He said, nobody's ever asked me that question. I said, I think it's a good question. I think there's a lot of electrocuted coming through that water. But you know what I do if there was a shark, or you get electrocuted? I'll take electrocution every single time. I'm not getting near the shark. So we could end that. We could end it for boats. We could end it for trucks. On a tank of diesel fuel, a truck goes from New York, a big beautiful Peter Belt or any one of these great companies. They go from New York to Los Angeles without a stop. With electric, much of the truck is used to capacity for batteries. The batteries are very heavy and very big. Very, very big. Many times the size of a tank that carries lots of gallons of diesel. You have to stop six times and you have to get charges. There are no charges. The whole thing is it's the kind of thing that if you're five-year-old grandson, we're sitting up here and you gave him a quiz, he would say, don't bother with the electric. There's another thing. The truck is so heavy because batteries are very heavy. The truck weighs more than twice as much as a gasoline truck. So what happens at diesel? So what happens is they have to fix every bridge all over the United States to handle the weight. Every bridge has to be rebuilt because the weight is double and triple that of a gasoline or diesel tank truck. And you say to yourself, who are these people that are destroying our country? Why are they destroying our country? Why is it that they're destroying our country? All of that stuff is gonna end. We're not gonna have men playing in women's sports. We're not doing it. We're not doing it. The weight left are. You see the weight left are they break a record by like a hundred and a record stands for 18 years. And they're putting a quarter of an ounce on one side of a barbell and a quarter of an ounce. That's what it is just if they could beat it by a half an ounce. And they just can't do it. They try to do the Olympic trials. A young woman, beautiful, young woman, rather muscular, I must say. Rather strong looking, beautiful woman. She gets up in a mother's in the front row and her father's in the front row and her relatives, everyone's rooting for her. Come on baby, you can do it. She gets up, she can't do it. She can't, she gets up there here. I can't, I'm sorry, my God. And this goes on and on, nobody was able to do it. Then this person that transitioned, lovely. He transitioned, recently transitioned. And they said, do you lift? Not much. Are you good? I don't know. I'll tell you after I try. And he goes over, did you see this? Well, being throws it. I'm going to say, what did I practice a little bit up here? He does it. The whole thing is crazy. Swimming the same thing, running the same thing. It's so demeaning to women. But these people can only want to destroy our country. Who wants open borders? Who wants men playing in women's sports? Who wants all electric cars? And by the way, I'm a big fan of electric cars. And it'll be a certain group of people that are going to want them where they travel short distances. I'm fine with it. But you have to be able to get gasoline, diesel, lots of other things. Or hybrid. Cypher is actually, I think, a better, a much better solution. You have to be able to get it. So we're going to do all these things. And basically, the Republican Party is a party of common sense. It's a party where we want clothes, very strong borders. We don't want drugs coming in. If you really want to get rid of drugs, you go with the death penalty. But I don't think the country is ready for it. I would do it in a second. You know, every drug dealer, every drug dealer, and everybody here, everybody here knows people whose family was devastated by the loss of a child because of fentanyl. But if you went with the death penalty, you would have no drug problem in this country. Instant, if it was a meaningful, if it was a meaningful, not a trial that lasts 400 years. Like China, I was with President Xi. I said, you have a drug problem. No, he didn't even know what I was talking about. He's got 1.4 billion people. I said, do you have a drug problem? He goes, no drug problem. I said, how do you do that? Essentially, he said the death penalty. We catch, they call it quick trial. They have a trial, and it's quick. And by the way, is that breeze nice? Do you feel the breeze? Because I don't want anybody going on me. We need every voter. I don't care about you. I just want you a vote. I don't care. See now the press will take that. And they'll say, he said a horrible thing. They'll say, he said, you know what they did? I was just doing a little limitation of this horrible, horrible, worse president in the history of our country. So I imitated him a couple of times getting off the stage, because he's unable to find a stair. Look, stair, stair, stair, stair, stair. All of you have stairs. When he finishes, is one and a half minute speech, you know, speeches last for about a minute, never takes questions. When he does, he picks up a thing and goes, ah, let's see here. A Jill of N.B. See. Yes, where's Jill? I'm here, you know, right now. Because they put her there. So she'll read it, okay? What flavor ice cream is your favorite, Mr. And then he picks up the thing, vanilla. Think of it what they do. You saw me in the White House. It was like war. What they do is they give the guy the question and the answer. They never did that with me. He's reading the answers, the questions. He's calling a reporter from N.B.C. Fake News, CBS Fake News, CNN ABC, they're all pretty much the same. MSNBC is probably the worst, probably the most evil. They're sick. These are sick people. But they're all sort of the same. They're all bad. And they're all very dishonest. So, no, they know what I'm saying. I love that. I love you, people. What a hell of you from. Wow. I got to find out, what was the magic word that got that little? But we're not going to let this happen with our country, we're taking back our country. So when we get in, it's going to go very rapidly. We're going to do a lot of things. We're going to look very strongly at J6. Those people there has never been people treated, more horrifically than J6 hostages. Look at yesterday. They're picking in front of the White House and they're marking up the columns with red paint that doesn't come off, by the way. You have to probably sandblast it off. They're hitting red paint all over the place. They're putting red paint all over statues of Andrew Jackson, one of our presidents actually considered a great general and a very good president. Red paint all over the place representing blood. They're closing up gates. They're stampeding all over the place. And they could do whatever they want. They could do whatever they want. Nothing happens. Nothing happens. And we're going to change that. We want to be fair. So we're going to change that. We're going to change it. And we're going to change it fast. But those J6 warriors, they were warriors. But they were really more than anything else. They're victims of what happened. All they were doing is protesting a rigged election. That's what they were doing. And then the police say, go in, go in, go in. Go in. How about scaffold Joe, the guy in the scaffold? Or how about the big FBI guy? Or whatever he ever comes from? Go on in, everybody go on in. What has set up that was what a horrible, horrible thing. And that blows two ways. That blows two ways. Believe me. And we don't want anybody doing something. But they did to some of those people. They have yesterday a grandmother who 72 years old, who is praying, she was praying. And they arrested her friend. I think four years or something. Four years, they put her in jail. It's sick. What's happening? And I don't know why a Catholic would be voting for Joe Biden because they have gone after Catholics at a level that nobody knows what's going on with Catholics. But they're going after Christians. They're going after evangelicals. And we're just not going to take it anymore. We're going to fight. And we're going to win the election. Because this is the most important election. So what we're going to do is very simple, probably, in this order. But we can do three things at one time. And we can do a lot of things at first week. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to close that border tight as a drum. And we're going to let people come in, but only a leg. The second thing we're going to do about five minutes later, it doesn't take long. We're going to drill baby drill. We're going to get your energy costs in half. We're going to bring down your energy costs. And that includes New England. New England has like energy costs like they're in the middle of an area that never saw energy. We have more liquid gold than any other country in the world. Russia, Saudi Arabia. Remember this? We were energy independent four years ago. We were soon going to be energy dominant. I was the one that stopped the Russian pipeline. It called Notre Dame II. Nobody ever heard of Notre Dame II. It did amazing. The biggest project they ever had, they're building the biggest pipeline in the world. It's going to Germany and all over Europe. I come in and I stop it. And all you hear is, oh, Trump was so nice to Russia. That there is nothing you can do worse than that. I stopped it. It was dead. And then I sang, said to a lot of sanctions. And yet I got along well with Putin. I mean, it must have been hard for him. He actually said, if you're nice to me, I would hate like hell to see if you were nice to me. And remember, he would have never, and he didn't. He would have never gone into Ukraine. Israel would have never, ever been attacked. Iran was broke. Undimai administration, Iran was stone-cold broke. There was a Democrat, Congressmen the other day. He was on defaced the ladies in gentlemen, defaced the nation. It's a horrible show. But they're all horrible. Meet the fake press. It's, they're all horrible. George Sloppedopolis, does anybody know George? I saw him interview in cash, but teller, somebody. Cash, but tell stand up. Stand up. George Sloppedopolis. No, I saw him interview in somebody. Just a nice person. I think actually, one of the people running for vice president. They've got a lot of great people running for vice president. By the way, who do we prefer? We have a lot of good ones, they're very good. But I saw George Sloppedopolis, the level of hatred. The guy's just there, answer the questions. The level of hatred, I said to him, George, I've had you up to here. I've had him up to there. But he is the level of anger and hatred. I say, what the hell? We want to have a country with low taxes, great education. We want to have the strongest military. We want to have no regulation. We want to have a border that's absolutely powerful. And we want to have fair elections. And the rest of it is all common sense. And they hate us. These people back here, they hate us at levels that nobody's ever seen before. And there's only one reason I can think of. Maybe too, they're either incompetent or they hate our country. And there is a third reason. And I hate to mention that they're trying to get these people signed up to vote. That could be it too. And I hope that's not it. And I hope I know you're governors working hard on this. I think you're governor, lieutenant governor, and attorney general. They're not going to let it happen in your state. They're not going to let it happen. And hopefully no other governor is going to let it happen. Including Democrats, but they do let it happen. Because the only way they can get elected is to cheat. The only way when you have open borders, when you have high interest rates, high tax, you know they want to quadruple your taxes. They want to increase your taxes at levels never seen before. I've never heard this. You know, as a person growing up, politicians always said, we're going to reduce your taxes. You couldn't get elected, if you said it. They say we're going to increase it by four times your taxes. And they get votes. They get votes because they cheat. They cheat like hell. And don't let anyone convince. Hey, look. They want to, they indict me over saying it. You know, when they said they won in 2016, nobody got indicted. Maxine Waters, look at her. What she says, what a fresh mouth. But Hillary Clinton, all of these people, all of these people. But absolutely, nobody has a problem. But when a Republican said the election's rigged, they want to put them in the electric chair. We have two standards. We're going to change that. And we're going to change it fast. We're going to change it fast. So we're going to run a country and we're conservative generally speaking in this group. But I tell you what, we have a lot of Democrats. Who's a Democrat that likes Trump in this room? In this area? We have a lot of people. We have a, because let's go branded. That's great. Now we have a lot of Democrats that are coming over, because really with a party of common sense, we're a party of common sense. We want to have that strong military. We have to. I totally rebuilt the military. All of the things that we did, that's what they want. The greatest economy in the history of our country is what we had and people want to go back. So I ask you to do this. Get out and vote. Don't let them cheat. You watch that vote. I watch it all the way. Don't let them cheat. Don't let them do anything. There are a lot of very dishonest people. Now we had a governor that was obviously not very good. Now we have a great governor. You have a Republican governor who's doing Joe. He's doing a great job. The only way they can beat us is to cheat. That's the only way they're going to. We're not going to let it happen. Because we're going to make our country great again. We're going to make our country greater than ever before. It's going to be special. And the world is going to look up to us with respect. They're not going to be laughing at us. They right now are laughing at us. The world is laughing at us. They're not going to be laughing. They respect it our country. Victor Orban, the great prime minister of Hungary, strong country. No illegal aliens, none. Zero. Helps out with Ukraine because they're border. They're right there. But he made a statement the other day. He said, they said, what's going on in the whole world is collapsing. He said, the only thing that's going to save the world is Donald Trump has to get reelected as president and the whole world is going to be saved. Because China respected him, Russia respected him. Everybody listened to him. He was the guy. He actually said he was the boss. Everybody listened. And I'll tell you if it doesn't happen, you headed to World War 3. You are closer right now to World War 3 than you've ever been. And this is no longer Army tanks going back and forth, shooting World War 2, World War. These are nuclear weapons, the likes of which and the power of which has never ever been seen before. So again, I want to thank you all. I want to thank all the celebrities from being here. And we have great celebrities. Vodgery, thank you for coming up from Georgia. Get out and vote. You have a big voting day tomorrow. Get out and vote. And you have some unbelievable people just get out and you vote. And I will see you soon. We're going to spend a lot of time in this state. If we win, if we win Nevada, we win the whole thing. We win the whole thing. That's so nice. Thank you. I mean, I'm looking back there as far as the I can see. Get out, vote. We're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. And we're going to do it fast. Thank you. God bless you. God bless you. Everybody.